# CURVEFINANCEETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EntryTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**RecvTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**BlockNumber** | **Int64** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**Vid** | **Int64** |  | [optional] 
**Id** | **String** | Smart contract address of the pool | [optional] 
**Protocol** | **String** | The protocol this pool belongs to | [optional] 
**Name** | **String** | Name of liquidity pool (e.g. Curve.fi DAI/USDC/USDT) | [optional] 
**Symbol** | **String** | Symbol of liquidity pool (e.g. 3CRV) | [optional] 
**InputTokens** | **String[]** | Tokens that need to be deposited to take a position in protocol. e.g. WETH and USDC to deposit into the WETH-USDC pool. Array to account for multi-asset pools like Curve and Balancer | [optional] 
**InputTokensOrdered** | **String[]** | inputTokens in native (contract) order | [optional] 
**OutputToken** | **String** | Token that is minted to track ownership of position in protocol | [optional] 
**RewardTokens** | **String[]** | Aditional tokens that are given as reward for position in a protocol, usually in liquidity mining programs. e.g. SUSHI in the Onsen program, MATIC for Aave Polygon | [optional] 
**Fees** | **String[]** | Fees per trade incurred to the user. Should include all fees that apply to a pool (e.g. Curve has a trading fee AND an admin fee, which is a portion of the trading fee. Uniswap only has a trading fee and no protocol fee.) | [optional] 
**IsSingleSided** | **Boolean** | Whether this pool is single-sided (e.g. Bancor, Platypus&#39;s Alternative Pool). The specifics of the implementation depends on the protocol. | [optional] 
**CreatedTimestamp** | **String** | Creation timestamp | [optional] 
**CreatedBlockNumber** | **String** | Creation block number | [optional] 
**TotalValueLockedUsd** | **String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool in USD | [optional] 
**CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeUsd** | **String** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD | [optional] 
**InputTokenBalances** | **String[]** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**InputTokenWeights** | **String[]** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. | [optional] 
**OutputTokenSupply** | **String** | Total supply of output token. | [optional] 
**OutputTokenPriceUsd** | **String** | Price per share of output token in USD | [optional] 
**StakedOutputTokenAmount** | **String** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **String[]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token&#39;s native amount. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **String[]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. | [optional] 
**RegistryAddress** | **String** | Registry that deployed this pool | [optional] 
**GaugeAddress** | **String** | Liquidity Gauge assocaited with this pool | [optional] 
**EvaluatedAsk** | **Double** |  | [optional] [readonly] 

## Examples

- Prepare the resource
```powershell
$CURVEFINANCEETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO = Initialize-PSOpenAPIToolsCURVEFINANCEETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO  -EntryTime null `
 -RecvTime null `
 -BlockNumber null `
 -Vid null `
 -Id null `
 -Protocol null `
 -Name null `
 -Symbol null `
 -InputTokens null `
 -InputTokensOrdered null `
 -OutputToken null `
 -RewardTokens null `
 -Fees null `
 -IsSingleSided null `
 -CreatedTimestamp null `
 -CreatedBlockNumber null `
 -TotalValueLockedUsd null `
 -CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeVolumeUsd null `
 -InputTokenBalances null `
 -InputTokenWeights null `
 -OutputTokenSupply null `
 -OutputTokenPriceUsd null `
 -StakedOutputTokenAmount null `
 -RewardTokenEmissionsAmount null `
 -RewardTokenEmissionsUsd null `
 -RegistryAddress null `
 -GaugeAddress null `
 -EvaluatedAsk null
```

- Convert the resource to JSON
```powershell
$CURVEFINANCEETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO | ConvertTo-JSON
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

