# CURVEFINANCEETHEREUMLiquidityPoolHourlySnapshotDTO
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EntryTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**RecvTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**BlockNumber** | **Int64** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**BlockRange** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**Id** | **String** | (smart contract address of the pool)-(# of hours since unix epoch time) | [optional] 
**Protocol** | **String** | The protocol this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**Pool** | **String** | The pool this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**Timestamp** | **String** | Timestamp of this snapshot | [optional] 
**TotalValueLockedUsd** | **String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool | [optional] 
**CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**HourlySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**HourlyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**HourlyTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**HourlyVolumeUsd** | **String** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour, in USD | [optional] 
**HourlyVolumeByTokenAmount** | **String[]** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. | [optional] 
**HourlyVolumeByTokenUsd** | **String[]** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeUsd** | **String** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD | [optional] 
**InputTokenBalances** | **String[]** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. | [optional] 
**InputTokenWeights** | **String[]** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool | [optional] 
**OutputTokenSupply** | **String** | Total supply of output token. Note that certain DEXes don&#39;t have an output token (e.g. Bancor) | [optional] 
**OutputTokenPriceUsd** | **String** | Price per share of output token in USD | [optional] 
**StakedOutputTokenAmount** | **String** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **String[]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **String[]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 

## Examples

- Prepare the resource
```powershell
$CURVEFINANCEETHEREUMLiquidityPoolHourlySnapshotDTO = Initialize-PSOpenAPIToolsCURVEFINANCEETHEREUMLiquidityPoolHourlySnapshotDTO  -EntryTime null `
 -RecvTime null `
 -BlockNumber null `
 -BlockRange null `
 -Id null `
 -Protocol null `
 -Pool null `
 -Timestamp null `
 -TotalValueLockedUsd null `
 -CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd null `
 -HourlySupplySideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd null `
 -HourlyProtocolSideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd null `
 -HourlyTotalRevenueUsd null `
 -HourlyVolumeUsd null `
 -HourlyVolumeByTokenAmount null `
 -HourlyVolumeByTokenUsd null `
 -CumulativeVolumeUsd null `
 -InputTokenBalances null `
 -InputTokenWeights null `
 -OutputTokenSupply null `
 -OutputTokenPriceUsd null `
 -StakedOutputTokenAmount null `
 -RewardTokenEmissionsAmount null `
 -RewardTokenEmissionsUsd null
```

- Convert the resource to JSON
```powershell
$CURVEFINANCEETHEREUMLiquidityPoolHourlySnapshotDTO | ConvertTo-JSON
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

