# PANCAKESWAPV3ETHEREUMDexAmmProtocolDTO
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EntryTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**RecvTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**BlockNumber** | **Int64** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**BlockRange** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**Id** | **String** | Smart contract address of the protocol&#39;s main contract (Factory, Registry, etc). | [optional] 
**Name** | **String** | Name of the protocol, including version. e.g. Uniswap v3. | [optional] 
**Slug** | **String** | Slug of protocol, including version. e.g. uniswap-v3. | [optional] 
**SchemaVersion** | **String** | Version of the subgraph schema, in SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0). | [optional] 
**SubgraphVersion** | **String** | Version of the subgraph implementation, in SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0). | [optional] 
**MethodologyVersion** | **String** | Version of the methodology used to compute metrics, loosely based on SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0). | [optional] 
**TotalValueLockedUsd** | **String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of the entire protocol. | [optional] 
**TotalLiquidityUsd** | **String** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**ActiveLiquidityUsd** | **String** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**UncollectedProtocolSideValueUsd** | **String** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] 
**UncollectedSupplySideValueUsd** | **String** | All supply-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] 
**ProtocolControlledValueUsd** | **String** | Current PCV (Protocol Controlled Value). Only relevant for protocols with PCV. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeUsd** | **String** | All historical volume in USD. | [optional] 
**CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**CumulativeUniqueUsers** | **Int32** | Number of cumulative unique users. | [optional] 
**CumulativeUniqueLPs** | **Int32** | Number of cumulative liquidity providers. | [optional] 
**CumulativeUniqueTraders** | **Int32** | Number of cumulative traders | [optional] 
**TotalPoolCount** | **Int32** | Total number of pools. | [optional] 
**OpenPositionCount** | **Int32** | Total number of open positions. | [optional] 
**CumulativePositionCount** | **Int32** | Total number of positions (open and closed). | [optional] 
**LastSnapshotDayId** | **Int32** | Day ID of the most recent daily snapshot. | [optional] 
**LastUpdateTimestamp** | **String** | Timestamp of the last time this entity was updated | [optional] 
**LastUpdateBlockNumber** | **String** | Block number of the last time this entity was updated. | [optional] 
**Regenesis** | **Boolean** | This is a boolean to indicate whether or not the pools have been instantiated the were initialized before Optimism regenesis. | [optional] 

## Examples

- Prepare the resource
```powershell
$PANCAKESWAPV3ETHEREUMDexAmmProtocolDTO = Initialize-PSOpenAPIToolsPANCAKESWAPV3ETHEREUMDexAmmProtocolDTO  -EntryTime null `
 -RecvTime null `
 -BlockNumber null `
 -BlockRange null `
 -Id null `
 -Name null `
 -Slug null `
 -SchemaVersion null `
 -SubgraphVersion null `
 -MethodologyVersion null `
 -TotalValueLockedUsd null `
 -TotalLiquidityUsd null `
 -ActiveLiquidityUsd null `
 -UncollectedProtocolSideValueUsd null `
 -UncollectedSupplySideValueUsd null `
 -ProtocolControlledValueUsd null `
 -CumulativeVolumeUsd null `
 -CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeUniqueUsers null `
 -CumulativeUniqueLPs null `
 -CumulativeUniqueTraders null `
 -TotalPoolCount null `
 -OpenPositionCount null `
 -CumulativePositionCount null `
 -LastSnapshotDayId null `
 -LastUpdateTimestamp null `
 -LastUpdateBlockNumber null `
 -Regenesis null
```

- Convert the resource to JSON
```powershell
$PANCAKESWAPV3ETHEREUMDexAmmProtocolDTO | ConvertTo-JSON
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

