# PANCAKESWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDailySnapshotDTO
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EntryTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**RecvTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**BlockNumber** | **Int64** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**Vid** | **Int64** | . | [optional] 
**Block** | **Int32** | The Ethereum block number associated with the liquidity pool daily snapshot. | [optional] 
**Id** | **String** | Identifier, format: (smart contract address of the pool)-(# of days since Unix epoch time). | [optional] 
**Day** | **Int32** | Number of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] 
**Protocol** | **String** | Protocol associated with the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**Pool** | **String** | Pool this snapshot belongs to. | [optional] 
**Tick** | **String** | Current tick representing the price of token0/token1. | [optional] 
**TotalValueLockedUsd** | **String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool. | [optional] 
**TotalLiquidity** | **String** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity for this pool. | [optional] 
**TotalLiquidityUsd** | **String** | Sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**ActiveLiquidity** | **String** | All liquidity &#x60;k&#x60; that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**ActiveLiquidityUsd** | **String** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**UncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts** | **String[]** | All protocol-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**UncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd** | **String[]** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**UncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts** | **String[]** | All supply-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**UncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd** | **String[]** | All supply-side value locked in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**DailySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**DailyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**DailyTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeUsd** | **String** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD. | [optional] 
**DailyVolumeUsd** | **String** | All trade volume occurred in a given day, in USD. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount** | **String[]** | All trade volume , in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**DailyVolumeByTokenAmount** | **String[]** | All trade volume occurred in a given day for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd** | **String[]** | All trade volume, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**DailyVolumeByTokenUsd** | **String[]** |  All trade volume occurred in a given day for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**InputTokenBalances** | **String[]** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**InputTokenBalancesUsd** | **String[]** | Amount of input tokens in USD in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**InputTokenWeights** | **String[]** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool. | [optional] 
**StakedOutputTokenAmount** | **String** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **String[]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **String[]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**CumulativeDepositCount** | **Int32** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity). | [optional] 
**DailyDepositCount** | **Int32** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity) in a day. | [optional] 
**CumulativeWithdrawCount** | **Int32** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity). | [optional] 
**DailyWithdrawCount** | **Int32** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity) in a day. | [optional] 
**CumulativeSwapCount** | **Int32** | Total number of trades (swaps). | [optional] 
**DailySwapCount** | **Int32** | Total number of trades (swaps) in a day. | [optional] 
**PositionCount** | **Int32** | Number of positions in this market. | [optional] 
**OpenPositionCount** | **Int32** | Number of open positions in this market. | [optional] 
**ClosedPositionCount** | **Int32** | Number of closed positions in this market. | [optional] 
**Timestamp** | **String** | Timestamp of when this snapshot was taken/last modified (May be taken after interval has passed). | [optional] 

## Examples

- Prepare the resource
```powershell
$PANCAKESWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDailySnapshotDTO = Initialize-PSOpenAPIToolsPANCAKESWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDailySnapshotDTO  -EntryTime null `
 -RecvTime null `
 -BlockNumber null `
 -Vid null `
 -Block null `
 -Id null `
 -Day null `
 -Protocol null `
 -Pool null `
 -Tick null `
 -TotalValueLockedUsd null `
 -TotalLiquidity null `
 -TotalLiquidityUsd null `
 -ActiveLiquidity null `
 -ActiveLiquidityUsd null `
 -UncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts null `
 -UncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd null `
 -UncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts null `
 -UncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd null `
 -CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd null `
 -DailySupplySideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd null `
 -DailyProtocolSideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd null `
 -DailyTotalRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeVolumeUsd null `
 -DailyVolumeUsd null `
 -CumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount null `
 -DailyVolumeByTokenAmount null `
 -CumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd null `
 -DailyVolumeByTokenUsd null `
 -InputTokenBalances null `
 -InputTokenBalancesUsd null `
 -InputTokenWeights null `
 -StakedOutputTokenAmount null `
 -RewardTokenEmissionsAmount null `
 -RewardTokenEmissionsUsd null `
 -CumulativeDepositCount null `
 -DailyDepositCount null `
 -CumulativeWithdrawCount null `
 -DailyWithdrawCount null `
 -CumulativeSwapCount null `
 -DailySwapCount null `
 -PositionCount null `
 -OpenPositionCount null `
 -ClosedPositionCount null `
 -Timestamp null
```

- Convert the resource to JSON
```powershell
$PANCAKESWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDailySnapshotDTO | ConvertTo-JSON
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

