# UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMFinancialsDailySnapshotDTO
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EntryTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**RecvTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**BlockNumber** | **Int32** | Block number of when this snapshot was taken/last modified.) | [optional] 
**Id** | **String** | ID is # of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] 
**Day** | **Int32** | Number of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] 
**Protocol** | **String** | Protocol this snapshot is associated with. | [optional] 
**TotalValueLockedUsd** | **String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of the entire protocol. | [optional] 
**TotalLiquidityUsd** | **String** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**ActiveLiquidityUsd** | **String** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pool&#39;s current tick. | [optional] 
**UncollectedProtocolSideValueUsd** | **String** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] 
**UncollectedSupplySideValueUsd** | **String** | All supply-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] 
**ProtocolControlledValueUsd** | **String** | Current PCV (Protocol Controlled Value). Only relevant for protocols with PCV. | [optional] 
**DailyVolumeUsd** | **String** | All trade volume occurred in a given day, in USD | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeUsd** | **String** | All historical trade volume in USD | [optional] 
**DailySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**DailyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by the protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by the protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**DailyTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**Timestamp** | **String** | Timestamp of when this snapshot was taken/last modified (May be taken after the interval has passed). | [optional] 

## Examples

- Prepare the resource
```powershell
$UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMFinancialsDailySnapshotDTO = Initialize-PSOpenAPIToolsUNISWAPV3ETHEREUMFinancialsDailySnapshotDTO  -EntryTime null `
 -RecvTime null `
 -BlockNumber null `
 -Id null `
 -Day null `
 -Protocol null `
 -TotalValueLockedUsd null `
 -TotalLiquidityUsd null `
 -ActiveLiquidityUsd null `
 -UncollectedProtocolSideValueUsd null `
 -UncollectedSupplySideValueUsd null `
 -ProtocolControlledValueUsd null `
 -DailyVolumeUsd null `
 -CumulativeVolumeUsd null `
 -DailySupplySideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd null `
 -DailyProtocolSideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd null `
 -DailyTotalRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd null `
 -Timestamp null
```

- Convert the resource to JSON
```powershell
$UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMFinancialsDailySnapshotDTO | ConvertTo-JSON
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

