# UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EntryTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**RecvTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**BlockNumber** | **Int64** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**Vid** | **Int64** | . | [optional] 
**BlockRange** | **String** | Block range of the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**Id** | **String** | Smart contract address of the pool. | [optional] 
**Protocol** | **String** | Protocol this pool belongs to. | [optional] 
**Name** | **String** | Name of liquidity pool (e.g. Curve.fi DAI/USDC/USDT). | [optional] 
**Symbol** | **String** | Symbol of liquidity pool (e.g. 3CRV). | [optional] 
**LiquidityToken** | **String** | Token that is to represent ownership of liquidity. | [optional] 
**InputTokens** | **String[]** | Tokens that need to be deposited to take a position in protocol. e.g. WETH and USDC to deposit into the WETH-USDC pool. Array to account for multi-asset pools like Curve and Balancer. | [optional] 
**RewardTokens** | **String[]** | Additional tokens that are given as reward for position in a protocol, usually in liquidity mining programs. e.g. SUSHI in the Onsen program, MATIC for Aave Polygon, usually in liquidity mining programs. e.g. SUSHI in the Onsen program, MATIC for Aave Polygon. | [optional] 
**Fees** | **String[]** | Fees per trade incurred to the user. Should include all fees that apply to a pool (e.g. Curve has a trading fee AND an admin fee, which is a portion of the trading fee. Uniswap only has a trading fee and no protocol fee.). | [optional] 
**IsSingleSided** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether this pool is single-sided (e.g. Bancor, Platypus&#39;s Alternative Pool). The specifics of the implementation depends on the protocol. | [optional] 
**CreatedTimestamp** | **String** | Timestamp when the liquidity pool was created. | [optional] 
**CreatedBlockNumber** | **String** | Block number when the liquidity pool was created. | [optional] 
**Tick** | **String** | Current tick representing the price of token0/token1. | [optional] 
**TotalValueLockedUsd** | **String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool in USD. | [optional] 
**TotalLiquidity** | **String** | Sum of all active and non-active liquidity for this pool. | [optional] 
**TotalLiquidityUsd** | **String** | Sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**ActiveLiquidity** | **String** | All liquidity &#x60;k&#x60; that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**ActiveLiquidityUsd** | **String** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**UncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts** | **String[]** | All protocol-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**UncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd** | **String[]** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**UncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts** | **String[]** | All supply-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**UncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd** | **String[]** | All supply-side value locked in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** |  All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount** | **String[]** | All trade volume occurred for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd** | **String[]** | All trade volume occurred for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeUsd** | **String** | All trade volume occurred for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**InputTokenBalances** | **String[]** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**InputTokenBalancesUsd** | **String[]** | Amount of input tokens in USD in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**InputTokenWeights** | **String[]** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool. | [optional] 
**StakedOutputTokenAmount** | **String** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **String[]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **String[]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**CumulativeDepositCount** | **Int32** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity). | [optional] 
**CumulativeWithdrawCount** | **Int32** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity). | [optional] 
**CumulativeSwapCount** | **Int32** | Total number of trades (swaps). | [optional] 
**PositionCount** | **Int32** | Number of positions in this market. | [optional] 
**OpenPositionCount** | **Int32** | Number of open positions in this market. | [optional] 
**ClosedPositionCount** | **Int32** | Number of closed positions in this market. | [optional] 
**LastSnapshotDayId** | **Int32** | Day ID of the most recent daily snapshot. | [optional] 
**LastSnapshotHourId** | **Int32** | Hour ID of the most recent hourly snapshot. | [optional] 
**LastUpdateTimestamp** | **String** | Timestamp of the last time this entity was updated. | [optional] 
**LastUpdateBlockNumber** | **String** | Block number of the last time this entity was updated. | [optional] 
**EvaluatedAsk** | **Double** | Evaluated ask value of the liquidity pool. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Examples

- Prepare the resource
```powershell
$UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO = Initialize-PSOpenAPIToolsUNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO  -EntryTime null `
 -RecvTime null `
 -BlockNumber null `
 -Vid null `
 -BlockRange null `
 -Id null `
 -Protocol null `
 -Name null `
 -Symbol null `
 -LiquidityToken null `
 -InputTokens null `
 -RewardTokens null `
 -Fees null `
 -IsSingleSided null `
 -CreatedTimestamp null `
 -CreatedBlockNumber null `
 -Tick null `
 -TotalValueLockedUsd null `
 -TotalLiquidity null `
 -TotalLiquidityUsd null `
 -ActiveLiquidity null `
 -ActiveLiquidityUsd null `
 -UncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts null `
 -UncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd null `
 -UncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts null `
 -UncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd null `
 -CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount null `
 -CumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd null `
 -CumulativeVolumeUsd null `
 -InputTokenBalances null `
 -InputTokenBalancesUsd null `
 -InputTokenWeights null `
 -StakedOutputTokenAmount null `
 -RewardTokenEmissionsAmount null `
 -RewardTokenEmissionsUsd null `
 -CumulativeDepositCount null `
 -CumulativeWithdrawCount null `
 -CumulativeSwapCount null `
 -PositionCount null `
 -OpenPositionCount null `
 -ClosedPositionCount null `
 -LastSnapshotDayId null `
 -LastSnapshotHourId null `
 -LastUpdateTimestamp null `
 -LastUpdateBlockNumber null `
 -EvaluatedAsk null
```

- Convert the resource to JSON
```powershell
$UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO | ConvertTo-JSON
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

