# UNISWAPV2ETHEREUMDexAmmProtocolDTO
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EntryTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**RecvTime** | **System.DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**BlockNumber** | **Int64** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**BlockRange** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**Id** | **String** | Smart contract address of the protocol&#39;s main contract (Factory, Registry, etc) | [optional] 
**Name** | **String** | Name of the protocol, including version. e.g. Uniswap v3 | [optional] 
**Slug** | **String** | Slug of protocol, including version. e.g. uniswap-v3 | [optional] 
**SchemaVersion** | **String** |  Version of the subgraph schema, in SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0) | [optional] 
**SubgraphVersion** | **String** | Version of the subgraph implementation, in SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0) | [optional] 
**MethodologyVersion** | **String** | Version of the methodology used to compute metrics, loosely based on SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0) | [optional] 
**TotalValueLockedUsd** | **String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of the entire protocol | [optional] 
**ProtocolControlledValueUsd** | **String** | Current PCV (Protocol Controlled Value). Only relevant for protocols with PCV | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeUsd** | **String** | All historical volume in USD | [optional] 
**CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**CumulativeUniqueUsers** | **Int32** | Number of cumulative unique users | [optional] 
**TotalPoolCount** | **Int32** | Total number of pools | [optional] 

## Examples

- Prepare the resource
```powershell
$UNISWAPV2ETHEREUMDexAmmProtocolDTO = Initialize-PSOpenAPIToolsUNISWAPV2ETHEREUMDexAmmProtocolDTO  -EntryTime null `
 -RecvTime null `
 -BlockNumber null `
 -BlockRange null `
 -Id null `
 -Name null `
 -Slug null `
 -SchemaVersion null `
 -SubgraphVersion null `
 -MethodologyVersion null `
 -TotalValueLockedUsd null `
 -ProtocolControlledValueUsd null `
 -CumulativeVolumeUsd null `
 -CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd null `
 -CumulativeUniqueUsers null `
 -TotalPoolCount null
```

- Convert the resource to JSON
```powershell
$UNISWAPV2ETHEREUMDexAmmProtocolDTO | ConvertTo-JSON
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

