# openapi_client.model.sushiswapv3_ethereum_financials_daily_snapshot_dto.SUSHISWAPV3ETHEREUMFinancialsDailySnapshotDTO

Daily financial metrics for Sushiswap V3.

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
dict, frozendict.frozendict,  | frozendict.frozendict,  | Daily financial metrics for Sushiswap V3. | 

### Dictionary Keys
Key | Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entry_time** | str, datetime,  | str,  |  | [optional] value must conform to RFC-3339 date-time
**recv_time** | str, datetime,  | str,  |  | [optional] value must conform to RFC-3339 date-time
**block_number** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Block number of when this snapshot was taken/last modified.) | [optional] value must be a 32 bit integer
**id** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | ID is # of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] 
**day** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Number of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] value must be a 32 bit integer
**protocol** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Protocol this snapshot is associated with. | [optional] 
**total_value_locked_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of the entire protocol. | [optional] 
**total_liquidity_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**active_liquidity_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pool&#x27;s current tick. | [optional] 
**uncollected_protocol_side_value_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] 
**uncollected_supply_side_value_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | All supply-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] 
**protocol_controlled_value_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Current PCV (Protocol Controlled Value). Only relevant for protocols with PCV. | [optional] 
**daily_volume_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | All trade volume occurred in a given day, in USD | [optional] 
**cumulative_volume_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | All historical trade volume in USD | [optional] 
**daily_supply_side_revenue_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**cumulative_supply_side_revenue_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**daily_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by the protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**cumulative_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by the protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**daily_total_revenue_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**cumulative_total_revenue_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**timestamp** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Timestamp of when this snapshot was taken/last modified (May be taken after the interval has passed). | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

