# openapi_client.model.uniswapv3_ethereum_dex_amm_protocol_dto.UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMDexAmmProtocolDTO

 Decentralized exchange (Dex) automated market maker (Amm) protocol. It's an entity that represents a protocol involving a smart contract that use automated market makers.

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
dict, frozendict.frozendict,  | frozendict.frozendict,  |  Decentralized exchange (Dex) automated market maker (Amm) protocol. It&#x27;s an entity that represents a protocol involving a smart contract that use automated market makers. | 

### Dictionary Keys
Key | Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entry_time** | str, datetime,  | str,  |  | [optional] value must conform to RFC-3339 date-time
**recv_time** | str, datetime,  | str,  |  | [optional] value must conform to RFC-3339 date-time
**block_number** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] value must be a 64 bit integer
**block_range** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  |  | [optional] 
**id** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Smart contract address of the protocol&#x27;s main contract (Factory, Registry, etc). | [optional] 
**name** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Name of the protocol, including version. e.g. Uniswap v3. | [optional] 
**slug** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Slug of protocol, including version. e.g. uniswap-v3. | [optional] 
**schema_version** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Version of the subgraph schema, in SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0). | [optional] 
**subgraph_version** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Version of the subgraph implementation, in SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0). | [optional] 
**methodology_version** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Version of the methodology used to compute metrics, loosely based on SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0). | [optional] 
**total_value_locked_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of the entire protocol. | [optional] 
**total_liquidity_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**active_liquidity_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**uncollected_protocol_side_value_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] 
**uncollected_supply_side_value_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | All supply-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] 
**protocol_controlled_value_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Current PCV (Protocol Controlled Value). Only relevant for protocols with PCV. | [optional] 
**cumulative_volume_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | All historical volume in USD. | [optional] 
**cumulative_supply_side_revenue_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**cumulative_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**cumulative_total_revenue_usd** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**cumulative_unique_users** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Number of cumulative unique users. | [optional] value must be a 32 bit integer
**cumulative_unique_l_ps** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Number of cumulative liquidity providers. | [optional] value must be a 32 bit integer
**cumulative_unique_traders** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Number of cumulative traders | [optional] value must be a 32 bit integer
**total_pool_count** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Total number of pools. | [optional] value must be a 32 bit integer
**open_position_count** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Total number of open positions. | [optional] value must be a 32 bit integer
**cumulative_position_count** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Total number of positions (open and closed). | [optional] value must be a 32 bit integer
**last_snapshot_day_id** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | Day ID of the most recent daily snapshot. | [optional] value must be a 32 bit integer
**last_update_timestamp** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Timestamp of the last time this entity was updated | [optional] 
**last_update_block_number** | None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | Block number of the last time this entity was updated. | [optional] 
**regenesis** | bool,  | BoolClass,  | This is a boolean to indicate whether or not the pools have been instantiated the were initialized before Optimism regenesis. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

