# OnChainDappsRestApi.UNISWAPV2ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolHourlySnapshotDTO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entryTime** | **Date** |  | [optional] 
**recvTime** | **Date** |  | [optional] 
**blockNumber** | **Number** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**blockRange** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | (smart contract address of the pool)-(# of hours since Unix epoch time) | [optional] 
**protocol** | **String** | The protocol this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**pool** | **String** | The pool this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**timestamp** | **String** | Timestamp of this snapshot | [optional] 
**totalValueLockedUsd** | **String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool | [optional] 
**cumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**hourlySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**cumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**hourlyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**cumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**hourlyTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**hourlyVolumeUsd** | **String** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour, in USD | [optional] 
**hourlyVolumeByTokenAmount** | **[String]** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. | [optional] 
**hourlyVolumeByTokenUsd** | **[String]** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. | [optional] 
**cumulativeVolumeUsd** | **String** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD | [optional] 
**inputTokenBalances** | **[String]** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field | [optional] 
**inputTokenWeights** | **[String]** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool | [optional] 
**outputTokenSupply** | **String** | Total supply of output token. Note that certain DEXes don&#39;t have an output token (e.g. Bancor) | [optional] 
**outputTokenPriceUsd** | **String** | Price per share of output token in USD | [optional] 
**stakedOutputTokenAmount** | **String** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**rewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **[String]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**rewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **[String]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 


