# OnChainDappsRestApi.UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolHourlySnapshotDTO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entryTime** | **Date** |  | [optional] 
**recvTime** | **Date** |  | [optional] 
**blockNumber** | **Number** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**vid** | **Number** |  | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | (Smart contract address of the pool)-( # of hours since Unix epoch time) | [optional] 
**hour** | **Number** | Number of hours since Unix epoch time | [optional] 
**protocol** | **String** | The protocol this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**pool** | **String** | The pool this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**tick** | **String** | Current tick representing the price of token0/token1 | [optional] 
**totalValueLockedUsd** | **String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool | [optional] 
**totalLiquidity** | **String** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity for this pool. | [optional] 
**totalLiquidityUsd** | **String** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**activeLiquidity** | **String** | All liquidity &#x60;k&#x60; that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pool&#39;s current tick. | [optional] 
**activeLiquidityUsd** | **String** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pool&#39;s current tick. | [optional] 
**uncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts** | **[String]** | All protocol-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd** | **[String]** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts** | **[String]** | All supply-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd** | **[String]** | All supply-side value locked in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**cumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**hourlySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**cumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**hourlyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**cumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**hourlyTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**cumulativeVolumeUsd** | **String** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD. | [optional] 
**hourlyVolumeUsd** | **String** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour, in USD. | [optional] 
**cumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount** | **[String]** | All trade volume, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**hourlyVolumeByTokenAmount** | **[String]** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**cumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd** | **[String]** | All trade volume, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**hourlyVolumeByTokenUsd** | **[String]** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**inputTokenBalances** | **[String]** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**inputTokenBalancesUsd** | **[String]** | Amount of input tokens in USD in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**inputTokenWeights** | **[String]** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool. | [optional] 
**stakedOutputTokenAmount** | **String** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**rewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **[String]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**rewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **[String]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**cumulativeDepositCount** | **Number** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity) | [optional] 
**hourlyDepositCount** | **Number** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity) in an hour | [optional] 
**cumulativeWithdrawCount** | **Number** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity) | [optional] 
**hourlyWithdrawCount** | **Number** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity) in an hour | [optional] 
**cumulativeSwapCount** | **Number** | Total number of trades (swaps) | [optional] 
**hourlySwapCount** | **Number** | Total number of trades (swaps) in an hour | [optional] 
**positionCount** | **Number** | Number of positions in this market | [optional] 
**openPositionCount** | **Number** | Number of open positions in this market | [optional] 
**closedPositionCount** | **Number** | Number of closed positions in this market | [optional] 
**timestamp** | **String** | Timestamp of when this snapshot was taken/last modified (May be taken after interval has passed) | [optional] 


