
# CURVEFINANCEETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entryTime** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) |  |  [optional]
**recvTime** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) |  |  [optional]
**blockNumber** | **kotlin.Long** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. |  [optional]
**vid** | **kotlin.Long** |  |  [optional]
**id** | **kotlin.String** | Smart contract address of the pool |  [optional]
**protocol** | **kotlin.String** | The protocol this pool belongs to |  [optional]
**name** | **kotlin.String** | Name of liquidity pool (e.g. Curve.fi DAI/USDC/USDT) |  [optional]
**symbol** | **kotlin.String** | Symbol of liquidity pool (e.g. 3CRV) |  [optional]
**inputTokens** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Tokens that need to be deposited to take a position in protocol. e.g. WETH and USDC to deposit into the WETH-USDC pool. Array to account for multi-asset pools like Curve and Balancer |  [optional]
**inputTokensOrdered** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | inputTokens in native (contract) order |  [optional]
**outputToken** | **kotlin.String** | Token that is minted to track ownership of position in protocol |  [optional]
**rewardTokens** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Aditional tokens that are given as reward for position in a protocol, usually in liquidity mining programs. e.g. SUSHI in the Onsen program, MATIC for Aave Polygon |  [optional]
**fees** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Fees per trade incurred to the user. Should include all fees that apply to a pool (e.g. Curve has a trading fee AND an admin fee, which is a portion of the trading fee. Uniswap only has a trading fee and no protocol fee.) |  [optional]
**isSingleSided** | **kotlin.Boolean** | Whether this pool is single-sided (e.g. Bancor, Platypus&#39;s Alternative Pool). The specifics of the implementation depends on the protocol. |  [optional]
**createdTimestamp** | **kotlin.String** | Creation timestamp |  [optional]
**createdBlockNumber** | **kotlin.String** | Creation block number |  [optional]
**totalValueLockedUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool in USD |  [optional]
**cumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. |  [optional]
**cumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. |  [optional]
**cumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. |  [optional]
**cumulativeVolumeUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD |  [optional]
**inputTokenBalances** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. |  [optional]
**inputTokenWeights** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. |  [optional]
**outputTokenSupply** | **kotlin.String** | Total supply of output token. |  [optional]
**outputTokenPriceUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Price per share of output token in USD |  [optional]
**stakedOutputTokenAmount** | **kotlin.String** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. |  [optional]
**rewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token&#39;s native amount. |  [optional]
**rewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. |  [optional]
**registryAddress** | **kotlin.String** | Registry that deployed this pool |  [optional]
**gaugeAddress** | **kotlin.String** | Liquidity Gauge assocaited with this pool |  [optional]
**evaluatedAsk** | **kotlin.Double** |  |  [optional] [readonly]



