
# PANCAKESWAPV3ETHEREUMDexAmmProtocolDTO

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entryTime** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) |  |  [optional]
**recvTime** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) |  |  [optional]
**blockNumber** | **kotlin.Long** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. |  [optional]
**blockRange** | **kotlin.String** |  |  [optional]
**id** | **kotlin.String** | Smart contract address of the protocol&#39;s main contract (Factory, Registry, etc). |  [optional]
**name** | **kotlin.String** | Name of the protocol, including version. e.g. Uniswap v3. |  [optional]
**slug** | **kotlin.String** | Slug of protocol, including version. e.g. uniswap-v3. |  [optional]
**schemaVersion** | **kotlin.String** | Version of the subgraph schema, in SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0). |  [optional]
**subgraphVersion** | **kotlin.String** | Version of the subgraph implementation, in SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0). |  [optional]
**methodologyVersion** | **kotlin.String** | Version of the methodology used to compute metrics, loosely based on SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0). |  [optional]
**totalValueLockedUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of the entire protocol. |  [optional]
**totalLiquidityUsd** | **kotlin.String** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. |  [optional]
**activeLiquidityUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. |  [optional]
**uncollectedProtocolSideValueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. |  [optional]
**uncollectedSupplySideValueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All supply-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. |  [optional]
**protocolControlledValueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Current PCV (Protocol Controlled Value). Only relevant for protocols with PCV. |  [optional]
**cumulativeVolumeUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All historical volume in USD. |  [optional]
**cumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. |  [optional]
**cumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. |  [optional]
**cumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. |  [optional]
**cumulativeUniqueUsers** | **kotlin.Int** | Number of cumulative unique users. |  [optional]
**cumulativeUniqueLPs** | **kotlin.Int** | Number of cumulative liquidity providers. |  [optional]
**cumulativeUniqueTraders** | **kotlin.Int** | Number of cumulative traders |  [optional]
**totalPoolCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Total number of pools. |  [optional]
**openPositionCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Total number of open positions. |  [optional]
**cumulativePositionCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Total number of positions (open and closed). |  [optional]
**lastSnapshotDayId** | **kotlin.Int** | Day ID of the most recent daily snapshot. |  [optional]
**lastUpdateTimestamp** | **kotlin.String** | Timestamp of the last time this entity was updated |  [optional]
**lastUpdateBlockNumber** | **kotlin.String** | Block number of the last time this entity was updated. |  [optional]
**regenesis** | **kotlin.Boolean** | This is a boolean to indicate whether or not the pools have been instantiated the were initialized before Optimism regenesis. |  [optional]



