
# SUSHISWAPV3ETHEREUMFinancialsDailySnapshotDTO

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entryTime** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) |  |  [optional]
**recvTime** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) |  |  [optional]
**blockNumber** | **kotlin.Int** | Block number of when this snapshot was taken/last modified.) |  [optional]
**id** | **kotlin.String** | ID is # of days since Unix epoch time. |  [optional]
**day** | **kotlin.Int** | Number of days since Unix epoch time. |  [optional]
**protocol** | **kotlin.String** | Protocol this snapshot is associated with. |  [optional]
**totalValueLockedUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of the entire protocol. |  [optional]
**totalLiquidityUsd** | **kotlin.String** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. |  [optional]
**activeLiquidityUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pool&#39;s current tick. |  [optional]
**uncollectedProtocolSideValueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. |  [optional]
**uncollectedSupplySideValueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All supply-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. |  [optional]
**protocolControlledValueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Current PCV (Protocol Controlled Value). Only relevant for protocols with PCV. |  [optional]
**dailyVolumeUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All trade volume occurred in a given day, in USD |  [optional]
**cumulativeVolumeUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All historical trade volume in USD |  [optional]
**dailySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. |  [optional]
**cumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. |  [optional]
**dailyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by the protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. |  [optional]
**cumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by the protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. |  [optional]
**dailyTotalRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. |  [optional]
**cumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. |  [optional]
**timestamp** | **kotlin.String** | Timestamp of when this snapshot was taken/last modified (May be taken after the interval has passed). |  [optional]



