
# UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entryTime** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) |  |  [optional]
**recvTime** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) |  |  [optional]
**blockNumber** | **kotlin.Long** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. |  [optional]
**vid** | **kotlin.Long** | . |  [optional]
**blockRange** | **kotlin.String** | Block range of the liquidity pool. |  [optional]
**id** | **kotlin.String** | Smart contract address of the pool. |  [optional]
**protocol** | **kotlin.String** | Protocol this pool belongs to. |  [optional]
**name** | **kotlin.String** | Name of liquidity pool (e.g. Curve.fi DAI/USDC/USDT). |  [optional]
**symbol** | **kotlin.String** | Symbol of liquidity pool (e.g. 3CRV). |  [optional]
**liquidityToken** | **kotlin.String** | Token that is to represent ownership of liquidity. |  [optional]
**inputTokens** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Tokens that need to be deposited to take a position in protocol. e.g. WETH and USDC to deposit into the WETH-USDC pool. Array to account for multi-asset pools like Curve and Balancer. |  [optional]
**rewardTokens** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Additional tokens that are given as reward for position in a protocol, usually in liquidity mining programs. e.g. SUSHI in the Onsen program, MATIC for Aave Polygon, usually in liquidity mining programs. e.g. SUSHI in the Onsen program, MATIC for Aave Polygon. |  [optional]
**fees** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Fees per trade incurred to the user. Should include all fees that apply to a pool (e.g. Curve has a trading fee AND an admin fee, which is a portion of the trading fee. Uniswap only has a trading fee and no protocol fee.). |  [optional]
**isSingleSided** | **kotlin.Boolean** | Specifies whether this pool is single-sided (e.g. Bancor, Platypus&#39;s Alternative Pool). The specifics of the implementation depends on the protocol. |  [optional]
**createdTimestamp** | **kotlin.String** | Timestamp when the liquidity pool was created. |  [optional]
**createdBlockNumber** | **kotlin.String** | Block number when the liquidity pool was created. |  [optional]
**tick** | **kotlin.String** | Current tick representing the price of token0/token1. |  [optional]
**totalValueLockedUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool in USD. |  [optional]
**totalLiquidity** | **kotlin.String** | Sum of all active and non-active liquidity for this pool. |  [optional]
**totalLiquidityUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. |  [optional]
**activeLiquidity** | **kotlin.String** | All liquidity &#x60;k&#x60; that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. |  [optional]
**activeLiquidityUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. |  [optional]
**uncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All protocol-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. |  [optional]
**uncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. |  [optional]
**uncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All supply-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. |  [optional]
**uncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All supply-side value locked in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. |  [optional]
**cumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. |  [optional]
**cumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. |  [optional]
**cumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** |  All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. |  [optional]
**cumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All trade volume occurred for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. |  [optional]
**cumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All trade volume occurred for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. |  [optional]
**cumulativeVolumeUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All trade volume occurred for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. |  [optional]
**inputTokenBalances** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. |  [optional]
**inputTokenBalancesUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Amount of input tokens in USD in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. |  [optional]
**inputTokenWeights** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool. |  [optional]
**stakedOutputTokenAmount** | **kotlin.String** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. |  [optional]
**rewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. |  [optional]
**rewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. |  [optional]
**cumulativeDepositCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity). |  [optional]
**cumulativeWithdrawCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity). |  [optional]
**cumulativeSwapCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Total number of trades (swaps). |  [optional]
**positionCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Number of positions in this market. |  [optional]
**openPositionCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Number of open positions in this market. |  [optional]
**closedPositionCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Number of closed positions in this market. |  [optional]
**lastSnapshotDayId** | **kotlin.Int** | Day ID of the most recent daily snapshot. |  [optional]
**lastSnapshotHourId** | **kotlin.Int** | Hour ID of the most recent hourly snapshot. |  [optional]
**lastUpdateTimestamp** | **kotlin.String** | Timestamp of the last time this entity was updated. |  [optional]
**lastUpdateBlockNumber** | **kotlin.String** | Block number of the last time this entity was updated. |  [optional]
**evaluatedAsk** | **kotlin.Double** |  |  [optional] [readonly]



