
# UNISWAPV2ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolHourlySnapshotDTO

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entryTime** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) |  |  [optional]
**recvTime** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) |  |  [optional]
**blockNumber** | **kotlin.Long** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. |  [optional]
**blockRange** | **kotlin.String** |  |  [optional]
**id** | **kotlin.String** | (smart contract address of the pool)-(# of hours since Unix epoch time) |  [optional]
**protocol** | **kotlin.String** | The protocol this snapshot belongs to |  [optional]
**pool** | **kotlin.String** | The pool this snapshot belongs to |  [optional]
**timestamp** | **kotlin.String** | Timestamp of this snapshot |  [optional]
**totalValueLockedUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool |  [optional]
**cumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. |  [optional]
**hourlySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. |  [optional]
**cumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. |  [optional]
**hourlyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. |  [optional]
**cumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. |  [optional]
**hourlyTotalRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool. |  [optional]
**hourlyVolumeUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour, in USD |  [optional]
**hourlyVolumeByTokenAmount** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. |  [optional]
**hourlyVolumeByTokenUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. |  [optional]
**cumulativeVolumeUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD |  [optional]
**inputTokenBalances** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field |  [optional]
**inputTokenWeights** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool |  [optional]
**outputTokenSupply** | **kotlin.String** | Total supply of output token. Note that certain DEXes don&#39;t have an output token (e.g. Bancor) |  [optional]
**outputTokenPriceUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Price per share of output token in USD |  [optional]
**stakedOutputTokenAmount** | **kotlin.String** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. |  [optional]
**rewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. |  [optional]
**rewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. |  [optional]



