
# UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolHourlySnapshotDTO

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entryTime** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) |  |  [optional]
**recvTime** | [**java.time.OffsetDateTime**](java.time.OffsetDateTime.md) |  |  [optional]
**blockNumber** | **kotlin.Long** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. |  [optional]
**vid** | **kotlin.Long** |  |  [optional]
**id** | **kotlin.String** | (Smart contract address of the pool)-( # of hours since Unix epoch time) |  [optional]
**hour** | **kotlin.Int** | Number of hours since Unix epoch time |  [optional]
**protocol** | **kotlin.String** | The protocol this snapshot belongs to |  [optional]
**pool** | **kotlin.String** | The pool this snapshot belongs to |  [optional]
**tick** | **kotlin.String** | Current tick representing the price of token0/token1 |  [optional]
**totalValueLockedUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool |  [optional]
**totalLiquidity** | **kotlin.String** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity for this pool. |  [optional]
**totalLiquidityUsd** | **kotlin.String** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. |  [optional]
**activeLiquidity** | **kotlin.String** | All liquidity &#x60;k&#x60; that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pool&#39;s current tick. |  [optional]
**activeLiquidityUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pool&#39;s current tick. |  [optional]
**uncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All protocol-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. |  [optional]
**uncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. |  [optional]
**uncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All supply-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. |  [optional]
**uncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All supply-side value locked in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. |  [optional]
**cumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. |  [optional]
**hourlySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. |  [optional]
**cumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. |  [optional]
**hourlyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. |  [optional]
**cumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. |  [optional]
**hourlyTotalRevenueUsd** | **kotlin.String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool. |  [optional]
**cumulativeVolumeUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD. |  [optional]
**hourlyVolumeUsd** | **kotlin.String** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour, in USD. |  [optional]
**cumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All trade volume, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. |  [optional]
**hourlyVolumeByTokenAmount** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. |  [optional]
**cumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All trade volume, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. |  [optional]
**hourlyVolumeByTokenUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. |  [optional]
**inputTokenBalances** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. |  [optional]
**inputTokenBalancesUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Amount of input tokens in USD in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. |  [optional]
**inputTokenWeights** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool. |  [optional]
**stakedOutputTokenAmount** | **kotlin.String** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. |  [optional]
**rewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. |  [optional]
**rewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. |  [optional]
**cumulativeDepositCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity) |  [optional]
**hourlyDepositCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity) in an hour |  [optional]
**cumulativeWithdrawCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity) |  [optional]
**hourlyWithdrawCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity) in an hour |  [optional]
**cumulativeSwapCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Total number of trades (swaps) |  [optional]
**hourlySwapCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Total number of trades (swaps) in an hour |  [optional]
**positionCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Number of positions in this market |  [optional]
**openPositionCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Number of open positions in this market |  [optional]
**closedPositionCount** | **kotlin.Int** | Number of closed positions in this market |  [optional]
**timestamp** | **kotlin.String** | Timestamp of when this snapshot was taken/last modified (May be taken after interval has passed) |  [optional]



