# WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMFinancialsDailySnapshotDTO

## Load the model package
```perl
use WWW::OpenAPIClient::Object::UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMFinancialsDailySnapshotDTO;
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entry_time** | **DATE_TIME** |  | [optional] 
**recv_time** | **DATE_TIME** |  | [optional] 
**block_number** | **int** | Block number of when this snapshot was taken/last modified.) | [optional] 
**id** | **string** | ID is # of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] 
**day** | **int** | Number of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] 
**protocol** | **string** | Protocol this snapshot is associated with. | [optional] 
**total_value_locked_usd** | **string** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of the entire protocol. | [optional] 
**total_liquidity_usd** | **string** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**active_liquidity_usd** | **string** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pool&#39;s current tick. | [optional] 
**uncollected_protocol_side_value_usd** | **string** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] 
**uncollected_supply_side_value_usd** | **string** | All supply-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] 
**protocol_controlled_value_usd** | **string** | Current PCV (Protocol Controlled Value). Only relevant for protocols with PCV. | [optional] 
**daily_volume_usd** | **string** | All trade volume occurred in a given day, in USD | [optional] 
**cumulative_volume_usd** | **string** | All historical trade volume in USD | [optional] 
**daily_supply_side_revenue_usd** | **string** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**cumulative_supply_side_revenue_usd** | **string** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**daily_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | **string** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by the protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**cumulative_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | **string** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by the protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**daily_total_revenue_usd** | **string** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**cumulative_total_revenue_usd** | **string** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**timestamp** | **string** | Timestamp of when this snapshot was taken/last modified (May be taken after the interval has passed). | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


