# openapi::UNISWAPV2ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolHourlySnapshotDTO



## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entry_time** | **character** |  | [optional] 
**recv_time** | **character** |  | [optional] 
**block_number** | **integer** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**block_range** | **character** |  | [optional] 
**id** | **character** | (smart contract address of the pool)-(# of hours since Unix epoch time) | [optional] 
**protocol** | **character** | The protocol this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**pool** | **character** | The pool this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**timestamp** | **character** | Timestamp of this snapshot | [optional] 
**total_value_locked_usd** | **character** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool | [optional] 
**cumulative_supply_side_revenue_usd** | **character** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**hourly_supply_side_revenue_usd** | **character** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**cumulative_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | **character** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**hourly_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | **character** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**cumulative_total_revenue_usd** | **character** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**hourly_total_revenue_usd** | **character** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**hourly_volume_usd** | **character** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour, in USD | [optional] 
**hourly_volume_by_token_amount** | **array[character]** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. | [optional] 
**hourly_volume_by_token_usd** | **array[character]** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. | [optional] 
**cumulative_volume_usd** | **character** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD | [optional] 
**input_token_balances** | **array[character]** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field | [optional] 
**input_token_weights** | **array[character]** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool | [optional] 
**output_token_supply** | **character** | Total supply of output token. Note that certain DEXes don&#39;t have an output token (e.g. Bancor) | [optional] 
**output_token_price_usd** | **character** | Price per share of output token in USD | [optional] 
**staked_output_token_amount** | **character** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**reward_token_emissions_amount** | **array[character]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**reward_token_emissions_usd** | **array[character]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 


