# openapi::UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDailySnapshotDTO

Represents a liquidity pool daily snapshot for Uniswap V3.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entry_time** | **character** |  | [optional] 
**recv_time** | **character** |  | [optional] 
**block_number** | **integer** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**vid** | **integer** | . | [optional] 
**block_** | **integer** | The Ethereum block number associated with the liquidity pool daily snapshot. | [optional] 
**id** | **character** | Identifier, format: (smart contract address of the pool)-(# of days since Unix epoch time). | [optional] 
**day** | **integer** | Number of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] 
**protocol** | **character** | Protocol associated with the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**pool** | **character** | Pool this snapshot belongs to. | [optional] 
**tick** | **character** | Current tick representing the price of token0/token1. | [optional] 
**total_value_locked_usd** | **character** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool. | [optional] 
**total_liquidity** | **character** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity for this pool. | [optional] 
**total_liquidity_usd** | **character** | Sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**active_liquidity** | **character** | All liquidity &#x60;k&#x60; that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**active_liquidity_usd** | **character** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**uncollected_protocol_side_token_amounts** | **array[character]** | All protocol-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollected_protocol_side_values_usd** | **array[character]** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollected_supply_side_token_amounts** | **array[character]** | All supply-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollected_supply_side_values_usd** | **array[character]** | All supply-side value locked in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**cumulative_supply_side_revenue_usd** | **character** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**daily_supply_side_revenue_usd** | **character** | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**cumulative_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | **character** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**daily_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | **character** | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**cumulative_total_revenue_usd** | **character** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**daily_total_revenue_usd** | **character** | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**cumulative_volume_usd** | **character** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD. | [optional] 
**daily_volume_usd** | **character** | All trade volume occurred in a given day, in USD. | [optional] 
**cumulative_volume_by_token_amount** | **array[character]** | All trade volume , in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**daily_volume_by_token_amount** | **array[character]** | All trade volume occurred in a given day for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**cumulative_volume_by_token_usd** | **array[character]** | All trade volume, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**daily_volume_by_token_usd** | **array[character]** |  All trade volume occurred in a given day for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**input_token_balances** | **array[character]** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**input_token_balances_usd** | **array[character]** | Amount of input tokens in USD in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**input_token_weights** | **array[character]** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool. | [optional] 
**staked_output_token_amount** | **character** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**reward_token_emissions_amount** | **array[character]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**reward_token_emissions_usd** | **array[character]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**cumulative_deposit_count** | **integer** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity). | [optional] 
**daily_deposit_count** | **integer** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity) in a day. | [optional] 
**cumulative_withdraw_count** | **integer** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity). | [optional] 
**daily_withdraw_count** | **integer** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity) in a day. | [optional] 
**cumulative_swap_count** | **integer** | Total number of trades (swaps). | [optional] 
**daily_swap_count** | **integer** | Total number of trades (swaps) in a day. | [optional] 
**position_count** | **integer** | Number of positions in this market. | [optional] 
**open_position_count** | **integer** | Number of open positions in this market. | [optional] 
**closed_position_count** | **integer** | Number of closed positions in this market. | [optional] 
**timestamp** | **character** | Timestamp of when this snapshot was taken/last modified (May be taken after interval has passed). | [optional] 


