# openapi::UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO

Pool-level metadata.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entry_time** | **character** |  | [optional] 
**recv_time** | **character** |  | [optional] 
**block_number** | **integer** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**vid** | **integer** | . | [optional] 
**block_range** | **character** | Block range of the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**id** | **character** | Smart contract address of the pool. | [optional] 
**protocol** | **character** | Protocol this pool belongs to. | [optional] 
**name** | **character** | Name of liquidity pool (e.g. Curve.fi DAI/USDC/USDT). | [optional] 
**symbol** | **character** | Symbol of liquidity pool (e.g. 3CRV). | [optional] 
**liquidity_token** | **character** | Token that is to represent ownership of liquidity. | [optional] 
**input_tokens** | **array[character]** | Tokens that need to be deposited to take a position in protocol. e.g. WETH and USDC to deposit into the WETH-USDC pool. Array to account for multi-asset pools like Curve and Balancer. | [optional] 
**reward_tokens** | **array[character]** | Additional tokens that are given as reward for position in a protocol, usually in liquidity mining programs. e.g. SUSHI in the Onsen program, MATIC for Aave Polygon, usually in liquidity mining programs. e.g. SUSHI in the Onsen program, MATIC for Aave Polygon. | [optional] 
**fees** | **array[character]** | Fees per trade incurred to the user. Should include all fees that apply to a pool (e.g. Curve has a trading fee AND an admin fee, which is a portion of the trading fee. Uniswap only has a trading fee and no protocol fee.). | [optional] 
**is_single_sided** | **character** | Specifies whether this pool is single-sided (e.g. Bancor, Platypus&#39;s Alternative Pool). The specifics of the implementation depends on the protocol. | [optional] 
**created_timestamp** | **character** | Timestamp when the liquidity pool was created. | [optional] 
**created_block_number** | **character** | Block number when the liquidity pool was created. | [optional] 
**tick** | **character** | Current tick representing the price of token0/token1. | [optional] 
**total_value_locked_usd** | **character** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool in USD. | [optional] 
**total_liquidity** | **character** | Sum of all active and non-active liquidity for this pool. | [optional] 
**total_liquidity_usd** | **character** | Sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**active_liquidity** | **character** | All liquidity &#x60;k&#x60; that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**active_liquidity_usd** | **character** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**uncollected_protocol_side_token_amounts** | **array[character]** | All protocol-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollected_protocol_side_values_usd** | **array[character]** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollected_supply_side_token_amounts** | **array[character]** | All supply-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollected_supply_side_values_usd** | **array[character]** | All supply-side value locked in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**cumulative_supply_side_revenue_usd** | **character** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**cumulative_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | **character** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**cumulative_total_revenue_usd** | **character** |  All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**cumulative_volume_by_token_amount** | **array[character]** | All trade volume occurred for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**cumulative_volume_by_token_usd** | **array[character]** | All trade volume occurred for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**cumulative_volume_usd** | **character** | All trade volume occurred for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**input_token_balances** | **array[character]** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**input_token_balances_usd** | **array[character]** | Amount of input tokens in USD in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**input_token_weights** | **array[character]** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool. | [optional] 
**staked_output_token_amount** | **character** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**reward_token_emissions_amount** | **array[character]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**reward_token_emissions_usd** | **array[character]** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**cumulative_deposit_count** | **integer** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity). | [optional] 
**cumulative_withdraw_count** | **integer** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity). | [optional] 
**cumulative_swap_count** | **integer** | Total number of trades (swaps). | [optional] 
**position_count** | **integer** | Number of positions in this market. | [optional] 
**open_position_count** | **integer** | Number of open positions in this market. | [optional] 
**closed_position_count** | **integer** | Number of closed positions in this market. | [optional] 
**last_snapshot_day_id** | **integer** | Day ID of the most recent daily snapshot. | [optional] 
**last_snapshot_hour_id** | **integer** | Hour ID of the most recent hourly snapshot. | [optional] 
**last_update_timestamp** | **character** | Timestamp of the last time this entity was updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_block_number** | **character** | Block number of the last time this entity was updated. | [optional] 
**evaluated_ask** | **numeric** | Evaluated ask value of the liquidity pool. | [optional] [readonly] 


