# openapi.model.UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDailySnapshotDTO

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:openapi/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entryTime** | [**DateTime**](DateTime.md) |  | [optional] 
**recvTime** | [**DateTime**](DateTime.md) |  | [optional] 
**blockNumber** | **int** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**vid** | **int** | . | [optional] 
**block** | **int** | The Ethereum block number associated with the liquidity pool daily snapshot. | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | Identifier, format: (smart contract address of the pool)-(# of days since Unix epoch time). | [optional] 
**day** | **int** | Number of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] 
**protocol** | **String** | Protocol associated with the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**pool** | **String** | Pool this snapshot belongs to. | [optional] 
**tick** | **String** | Current tick representing the price of token0/token1. | [optional] 
**totalValueLockedUsd** | **String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool. | [optional] 
**totalLiquidity** | **String** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity for this pool. | [optional] 
**totalLiquidityUsd** | **String** | Sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**activeLiquidity** | **String** | All liquidity `k` that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**activeLiquidityUsd** | **String** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**uncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** | All protocol-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** | All supply-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** | All supply-side value locked in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**cumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**dailySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**cumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**dailyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**cumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**dailyTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**cumulativeVolumeUsd** | **String** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD. | [optional] 
**dailyVolumeUsd** | **String** | All trade volume occurred in a given day, in USD. | [optional] 
**cumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** | All trade volume , in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool's `inputTokens` field. | [optional] 
**dailyVolumeByTokenAmount** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** | All trade volume occurred in a given day for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool's `inputTokens` field. | [optional] 
**cumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** | All trade volume, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool's `inputTokens` field. | [optional] 
**dailyVolumeByTokenUsd** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** |  All trade volume occurred in a given day for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool's `inputTokens` field. | [optional] 
**inputTokenBalances** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool's `inputTokens` field. | [optional] 
**inputTokenBalancesUsd** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** | Amount of input tokens in USD in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool's `inputTokens` field. | [optional] 
**inputTokenWeights** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool. | [optional] 
**stakedOutputTokenAmount** | **String** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**rewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token's native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**rewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **BuiltList&lt;String&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**cumulativeDepositCount** | **int** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity). | [optional] 
**dailyDepositCount** | **int** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity) in a day. | [optional] 
**cumulativeWithdrawCount** | **int** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity). | [optional] 
**dailyWithdrawCount** | **int** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity) in a day. | [optional] 
**cumulativeSwapCount** | **int** | Total number of trades (swaps). | [optional] 
**dailySwapCount** | **int** | Total number of trades (swaps) in a day. | [optional] 
**positionCount** | **int** | Number of positions in this market. | [optional] 
**openPositionCount** | **int** | Number of open positions in this market. | [optional] 
**closedPositionCount** | **int** | Number of closed positions in this market. | [optional] 
**timestamp** | **String** | Timestamp of when this snapshot was taken/last modified (May be taken after interval has passed). | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


