# UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EntryTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** |  | [optional] 
**RecvTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** |  | [optional] 
**BlockNumber** | Pointer to **int64** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**Vid** | Pointer to **int64** | . | [optional] 
**BlockRange** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Block range of the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Smart contract address of the pool. | [optional] 
**Protocol** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Protocol this pool belongs to. | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Name of liquidity pool (e.g. Curve.fi DAI/USDC/USDT). | [optional] 
**Symbol** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Symbol of liquidity pool (e.g. 3CRV). | [optional] 
**LiquidityToken** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Token that is to represent ownership of liquidity. | [optional] 
**InputTokens** | Pointer to **[]string** | Tokens that need to be deposited to take a position in protocol. e.g. WETH and USDC to deposit into the WETH-USDC pool. Array to account for multi-asset pools like Curve and Balancer. | [optional] 
**RewardTokens** | Pointer to **[]string** | Additional tokens that are given as reward for position in a protocol, usually in liquidity mining programs. e.g. SUSHI in the Onsen program, MATIC for Aave Polygon, usually in liquidity mining programs. e.g. SUSHI in the Onsen program, MATIC for Aave Polygon. | [optional] 
**Fees** | Pointer to **[]string** | Fees per trade incurred to the user. Should include all fees that apply to a pool (e.g. Curve has a trading fee AND an admin fee, which is a portion of the trading fee. Uniswap only has a trading fee and no protocol fee.). | [optional] 
**IsSingleSided** | Pointer to **bool** | Specifies whether this pool is single-sided (e.g. Bancor, Platypus&#39;s Alternative Pool). The specifics of the implementation depends on the protocol. | [optional] 
**CreatedTimestamp** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Timestamp when the liquidity pool was created. | [optional] 
**CreatedBlockNumber** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Block number when the liquidity pool was created. | [optional] 
**Tick** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Current tick representing the price of token0/token1. | [optional] 
**TotalValueLockedUsd** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool in USD. | [optional] 
**TotalLiquidity** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Sum of all active and non-active liquidity for this pool. | [optional] 
**TotalLiquidityUsd** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**ActiveLiquidity** | Pointer to **NullableString** | All liquidity &#x60;k&#x60; that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**ActiveLiquidityUsd** | Pointer to **NullableString** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] 
**UncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts** | Pointer to **[]string** | All protocol-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**UncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd** | Pointer to **[]string** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**UncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts** | Pointer to **[]string** | All supply-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**UncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd** | Pointer to **[]string** | All supply-side value locked in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | Pointer to **NullableString** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | Pointer to **NullableString** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | Pointer to **NullableString** |  All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount** | Pointer to **[]string** | All trade volume occurred for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd** | Pointer to **[]string** | All trade volume occurred for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeUsd** | Pointer to **NullableString** | All trade volume occurred for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**InputTokenBalances** | Pointer to **[]string** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**InputTokenBalancesUsd** | Pointer to **[]string** | Amount of input tokens in USD in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**InputTokenWeights** | Pointer to **[]string** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool. | [optional] 
**StakedOutputTokenAmount** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | Pointer to **[]string** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | Pointer to **[]string** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**CumulativeDepositCount** | Pointer to **int32** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity). | [optional] 
**CumulativeWithdrawCount** | Pointer to **int32** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity). | [optional] 
**CumulativeSwapCount** | Pointer to **int32** | Total number of trades (swaps). | [optional] 
**PositionCount** | Pointer to **int32** | Number of positions in this market. | [optional] 
**OpenPositionCount** | Pointer to **int32** | Number of open positions in this market. | [optional] 
**ClosedPositionCount** | Pointer to **int32** | Number of closed positions in this market. | [optional] 
**LastSnapshotDayId** | Pointer to **int32** | Day ID of the most recent daily snapshot. | [optional] 
**LastSnapshotHourId** | Pointer to **int32** | Hour ID of the most recent hourly snapshot. | [optional] 
**LastUpdateTimestamp** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Timestamp of the last time this entity was updated. | [optional] 
**LastUpdateBlockNumber** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Block number of the last time this entity was updated. | [optional] 
**EvaluatedAsk** | Pointer to **float64** |  | [optional] [readonly] 

## Methods

### NewUNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO

`func NewUNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO() *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO`

NewUNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO instantiates a new UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewUNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTOWithDefaults

`func NewUNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTOWithDefaults() *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO`

NewUNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTOWithDefaults instantiates a new UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetEntryTime

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetEntryTime() time.Time`

GetEntryTime returns the EntryTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEntryTimeOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetEntryTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetEntryTimeOk returns a tuple with the EntryTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEntryTime

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetEntryTime(v time.Time)`

SetEntryTime sets EntryTime field to given value.

### HasEntryTime

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasEntryTime() bool`

HasEntryTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRecvTime

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetRecvTime() time.Time`

GetRecvTime returns the RecvTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRecvTimeOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetRecvTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetRecvTimeOk returns a tuple with the RecvTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRecvTime

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetRecvTime(v time.Time)`

SetRecvTime sets RecvTime field to given value.

### HasRecvTime

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasRecvTime() bool`

HasRecvTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBlockNumber

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetBlockNumber() int64`

GetBlockNumber returns the BlockNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBlockNumberOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetBlockNumberOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetBlockNumberOk returns a tuple with the BlockNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBlockNumber

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetBlockNumber(v int64)`

SetBlockNumber sets BlockNumber field to given value.

### HasBlockNumber

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasBlockNumber() bool`

HasBlockNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVid

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetVid() int64`

GetVid returns the Vid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVidOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetVidOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetVidOk returns a tuple with the Vid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVid

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetVid(v int64)`

SetVid sets Vid field to given value.

### HasVid

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasVid() bool`

HasVid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBlockRange

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetBlockRange() string`

GetBlockRange returns the BlockRange field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBlockRangeOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetBlockRangeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBlockRangeOk returns a tuple with the BlockRange field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBlockRange

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetBlockRange(v string)`

SetBlockRange sets BlockRange field to given value.

### HasBlockRange

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasBlockRange() bool`

HasBlockRange returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetBlockRangeNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetBlockRangeNil(b bool)`

 SetBlockRangeNil sets the value for BlockRange to be an explicit nil

### UnsetBlockRange
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetBlockRange()`

UnsetBlockRange ensures that no value is present for BlockRange, not even an explicit nil
### GetId

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetIdNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetIdNil(b bool)`

 SetIdNil sets the value for Id to be an explicit nil

### UnsetId
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetId()`

UnsetId ensures that no value is present for Id, not even an explicit nil
### GetProtocol

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetProtocol() string`

GetProtocol returns the Protocol field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProtocolOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetProtocolOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProtocolOk returns a tuple with the Protocol field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProtocol

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetProtocol(v string)`

SetProtocol sets Protocol field to given value.

### HasProtocol

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasProtocol() bool`

HasProtocol returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetProtocolNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetProtocolNil(b bool)`

 SetProtocolNil sets the value for Protocol to be an explicit nil

### UnsetProtocol
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetProtocol()`

UnsetProtocol ensures that no value is present for Protocol, not even an explicit nil
### GetName

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetNameNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetNameNil(b bool)`

 SetNameNil sets the value for Name to be an explicit nil

### UnsetName
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetName()`

UnsetName ensures that no value is present for Name, not even an explicit nil
### GetSymbol

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetSymbol() string`

GetSymbol returns the Symbol field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSymbolOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetSymbolOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSymbolOk returns a tuple with the Symbol field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSymbol

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetSymbol(v string)`

SetSymbol sets Symbol field to given value.

### HasSymbol

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasSymbol() bool`

HasSymbol returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSymbolNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetSymbolNil(b bool)`

 SetSymbolNil sets the value for Symbol to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSymbol
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetSymbol()`

UnsetSymbol ensures that no value is present for Symbol, not even an explicit nil
### GetLiquidityToken

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetLiquidityToken() string`

GetLiquidityToken returns the LiquidityToken field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLiquidityTokenOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetLiquidityTokenOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLiquidityTokenOk returns a tuple with the LiquidityToken field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLiquidityToken

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetLiquidityToken(v string)`

SetLiquidityToken sets LiquidityToken field to given value.

### HasLiquidityToken

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasLiquidityToken() bool`

HasLiquidityToken returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLiquidityTokenNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetLiquidityTokenNil(b bool)`

 SetLiquidityTokenNil sets the value for LiquidityToken to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLiquidityToken
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetLiquidityToken()`

UnsetLiquidityToken ensures that no value is present for LiquidityToken, not even an explicit nil
### GetInputTokens

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetInputTokens() []string`

GetInputTokens returns the InputTokens field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInputTokensOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetInputTokensOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetInputTokensOk returns a tuple with the InputTokens field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInputTokens

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetInputTokens(v []string)`

SetInputTokens sets InputTokens field to given value.

### HasInputTokens

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasInputTokens() bool`

HasInputTokens returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetInputTokensNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetInputTokensNil(b bool)`

 SetInputTokensNil sets the value for InputTokens to be an explicit nil

### UnsetInputTokens
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetInputTokens()`

UnsetInputTokens ensures that no value is present for InputTokens, not even an explicit nil
### GetRewardTokens

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetRewardTokens() []string`

GetRewardTokens returns the RewardTokens field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRewardTokensOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetRewardTokensOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetRewardTokensOk returns a tuple with the RewardTokens field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRewardTokens

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetRewardTokens(v []string)`

SetRewardTokens sets RewardTokens field to given value.

### HasRewardTokens

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasRewardTokens() bool`

HasRewardTokens returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetRewardTokensNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetRewardTokensNil(b bool)`

 SetRewardTokensNil sets the value for RewardTokens to be an explicit nil

### UnsetRewardTokens
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetRewardTokens()`

UnsetRewardTokens ensures that no value is present for RewardTokens, not even an explicit nil
### GetFees

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetFees() []string`

GetFees returns the Fees field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFeesOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetFeesOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetFeesOk returns a tuple with the Fees field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFees

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetFees(v []string)`

SetFees sets Fees field to given value.

### HasFees

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasFees() bool`

HasFees returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFeesNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetFeesNil(b bool)`

 SetFeesNil sets the value for Fees to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFees
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetFees()`

UnsetFees ensures that no value is present for Fees, not even an explicit nil
### GetIsSingleSided

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetIsSingleSided() bool`

GetIsSingleSided returns the IsSingleSided field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsSingleSidedOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetIsSingleSidedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsSingleSidedOk returns a tuple with the IsSingleSided field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsSingleSided

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetIsSingleSided(v bool)`

SetIsSingleSided sets IsSingleSided field to given value.

### HasIsSingleSided

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasIsSingleSided() bool`

HasIsSingleSided returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedTimestamp

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCreatedTimestamp() string`

GetCreatedTimestamp returns the CreatedTimestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedTimestampOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCreatedTimestampOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreatedTimestampOk returns a tuple with the CreatedTimestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedTimestamp

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCreatedTimestamp(v string)`

SetCreatedTimestamp sets CreatedTimestamp field to given value.

### HasCreatedTimestamp

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasCreatedTimestamp() bool`

HasCreatedTimestamp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCreatedTimestampNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCreatedTimestampNil(b bool)`

 SetCreatedTimestampNil sets the value for CreatedTimestamp to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCreatedTimestamp
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetCreatedTimestamp()`

UnsetCreatedTimestamp ensures that no value is present for CreatedTimestamp, not even an explicit nil
### GetCreatedBlockNumber

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCreatedBlockNumber() string`

GetCreatedBlockNumber returns the CreatedBlockNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedBlockNumberOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCreatedBlockNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreatedBlockNumberOk returns a tuple with the CreatedBlockNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedBlockNumber

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCreatedBlockNumber(v string)`

SetCreatedBlockNumber sets CreatedBlockNumber field to given value.

### HasCreatedBlockNumber

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasCreatedBlockNumber() bool`

HasCreatedBlockNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCreatedBlockNumberNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCreatedBlockNumberNil(b bool)`

 SetCreatedBlockNumberNil sets the value for CreatedBlockNumber to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCreatedBlockNumber
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetCreatedBlockNumber()`

UnsetCreatedBlockNumber ensures that no value is present for CreatedBlockNumber, not even an explicit nil
### GetTick

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetTick() string`

GetTick returns the Tick field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTickOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetTickOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTickOk returns a tuple with the Tick field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTick

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetTick(v string)`

SetTick sets Tick field to given value.

### HasTick

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasTick() bool`

HasTick returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTickNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetTickNil(b bool)`

 SetTickNil sets the value for Tick to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTick
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetTick()`

UnsetTick ensures that no value is present for Tick, not even an explicit nil
### GetTotalValueLockedUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetTotalValueLockedUsd() string`

GetTotalValueLockedUsd returns the TotalValueLockedUsd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalValueLockedUsdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetTotalValueLockedUsdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTotalValueLockedUsdOk returns a tuple with the TotalValueLockedUsd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotalValueLockedUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetTotalValueLockedUsd(v string)`

SetTotalValueLockedUsd sets TotalValueLockedUsd field to given value.

### HasTotalValueLockedUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasTotalValueLockedUsd() bool`

HasTotalValueLockedUsd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTotalValueLockedUsdNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetTotalValueLockedUsdNil(b bool)`

 SetTotalValueLockedUsdNil sets the value for TotalValueLockedUsd to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTotalValueLockedUsd
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetTotalValueLockedUsd()`

UnsetTotalValueLockedUsd ensures that no value is present for TotalValueLockedUsd, not even an explicit nil
### GetTotalLiquidity

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetTotalLiquidity() string`

GetTotalLiquidity returns the TotalLiquidity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalLiquidityOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetTotalLiquidityOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTotalLiquidityOk returns a tuple with the TotalLiquidity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotalLiquidity

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetTotalLiquidity(v string)`

SetTotalLiquidity sets TotalLiquidity field to given value.

### HasTotalLiquidity

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasTotalLiquidity() bool`

HasTotalLiquidity returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTotalLiquidityNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetTotalLiquidityNil(b bool)`

 SetTotalLiquidityNil sets the value for TotalLiquidity to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTotalLiquidity
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetTotalLiquidity()`

UnsetTotalLiquidity ensures that no value is present for TotalLiquidity, not even an explicit nil
### GetTotalLiquidityUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetTotalLiquidityUsd() string`

GetTotalLiquidityUsd returns the TotalLiquidityUsd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalLiquidityUsdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetTotalLiquidityUsdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTotalLiquidityUsdOk returns a tuple with the TotalLiquidityUsd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotalLiquidityUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetTotalLiquidityUsd(v string)`

SetTotalLiquidityUsd sets TotalLiquidityUsd field to given value.

### HasTotalLiquidityUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasTotalLiquidityUsd() bool`

HasTotalLiquidityUsd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTotalLiquidityUsdNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetTotalLiquidityUsdNil(b bool)`

 SetTotalLiquidityUsdNil sets the value for TotalLiquidityUsd to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTotalLiquidityUsd
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetTotalLiquidityUsd()`

UnsetTotalLiquidityUsd ensures that no value is present for TotalLiquidityUsd, not even an explicit nil
### GetActiveLiquidity

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetActiveLiquidity() string`

GetActiveLiquidity returns the ActiveLiquidity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActiveLiquidityOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetActiveLiquidityOk() (*string, bool)`

GetActiveLiquidityOk returns a tuple with the ActiveLiquidity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActiveLiquidity

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetActiveLiquidity(v string)`

SetActiveLiquidity sets ActiveLiquidity field to given value.

### HasActiveLiquidity

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasActiveLiquidity() bool`

HasActiveLiquidity returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetActiveLiquidityNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetActiveLiquidityNil(b bool)`

 SetActiveLiquidityNil sets the value for ActiveLiquidity to be an explicit nil

### UnsetActiveLiquidity
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetActiveLiquidity()`

UnsetActiveLiquidity ensures that no value is present for ActiveLiquidity, not even an explicit nil
### GetActiveLiquidityUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetActiveLiquidityUsd() string`

GetActiveLiquidityUsd returns the ActiveLiquidityUsd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActiveLiquidityUsdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetActiveLiquidityUsdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetActiveLiquidityUsdOk returns a tuple with the ActiveLiquidityUsd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActiveLiquidityUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetActiveLiquidityUsd(v string)`

SetActiveLiquidityUsd sets ActiveLiquidityUsd field to given value.

### HasActiveLiquidityUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasActiveLiquidityUsd() bool`

HasActiveLiquidityUsd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetActiveLiquidityUsdNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetActiveLiquidityUsdNil(b bool)`

 SetActiveLiquidityUsdNil sets the value for ActiveLiquidityUsd to be an explicit nil

### UnsetActiveLiquidityUsd
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetActiveLiquidityUsd()`

UnsetActiveLiquidityUsd ensures that no value is present for ActiveLiquidityUsd, not even an explicit nil
### GetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts() []string`

GetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts returns the UncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmountsOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmountsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmountsOk returns a tuple with the UncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts(v []string)`

SetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts sets UncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts field to given value.

### HasUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts() bool`

HasUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmountsNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmountsNil(b bool)`

 SetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmountsNil sets the value for UncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts to be an explicit nil

### UnsetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts()`

UnsetUncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts ensures that no value is present for UncollectedProtocolSideTokenAmounts, not even an explicit nil
### GetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd() []string`

GetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd returns the UncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsdOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsdOk returns a tuple with the UncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd(v []string)`

SetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd sets UncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd field to given value.

### HasUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd() bool`

HasUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsdNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsdNil(b bool)`

 SetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsdNil sets the value for UncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd to be an explicit nil

### UnsetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd()`

UnsetUncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd ensures that no value is present for UncollectedProtocolSideValuesUsd, not even an explicit nil
### GetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts() []string`

GetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts returns the UncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmountsOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmountsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmountsOk returns a tuple with the UncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts(v []string)`

SetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts sets UncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts field to given value.

### HasUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts() bool`

HasUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmountsNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmountsNil(b bool)`

 SetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmountsNil sets the value for UncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts to be an explicit nil

### UnsetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts()`

UnsetUncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts ensures that no value is present for UncollectedSupplySideTokenAmounts, not even an explicit nil
### GetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd() []string`

GetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd returns the UncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsdOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsdOk returns a tuple with the UncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd(v []string)`

SetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd sets UncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd field to given value.

### HasUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd() bool`

HasUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsdNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsdNil(b bool)`

 SetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsdNil sets the value for UncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd to be an explicit nil

### UnsetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd()`

UnsetUncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd ensures that no value is present for UncollectedSupplySideValuesUsd, not even an explicit nil
### GetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd() string`

GetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd returns the CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsdOk returns a tuple with the CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd(v string)`

SetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd sets CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd field to given value.

### HasCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd() bool`

HasCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsdNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsdNil(b bool)`

 SetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsdNil sets the value for CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd()`

UnsetCumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd ensures that no value is present for CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd, not even an explicit nil
### GetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd() string`

GetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd returns the CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsdOk returns a tuple with the CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd(v string)`

SetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd sets CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd field to given value.

### HasCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd() bool`

HasCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsdNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsdNil(b bool)`

 SetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsdNil sets the value for CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd()`

UnsetCumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd ensures that no value is present for CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd, not even an explicit nil
### GetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsd() string`

GetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsd returns the CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsdOk returns a tuple with the CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsd(v string)`

SetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsd sets CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd field to given value.

### HasCumulativeTotalRevenueUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasCumulativeTotalRevenueUsd() bool`

HasCumulativeTotalRevenueUsd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsdNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsdNil(b bool)`

 SetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsdNil sets the value for CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsd
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsd()`

UnsetCumulativeTotalRevenueUsd ensures that no value is present for CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd, not even an explicit nil
### GetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount() []string`

GetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount returns the CumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmountOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmountOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmountOk returns a tuple with the CumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount(v []string)`

SetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount sets CumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount field to given value.

### HasCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount() bool`

HasCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmountNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmountNil(b bool)`

 SetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmountNil sets the value for CumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount()`

UnsetCumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount ensures that no value is present for CumulativeVolumeByTokenAmount, not even an explicit nil
### GetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd() []string`

GetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd returns the CumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsdOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsdOk returns a tuple with the CumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd(v []string)`

SetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd sets CumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd field to given value.

### HasCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd() bool`

HasCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsdNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsdNil(b bool)`

 SetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsdNil sets the value for CumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd()`

UnsetCumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd ensures that no value is present for CumulativeVolumeByTokenUsd, not even an explicit nil
### GetCumulativeVolumeUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeVolumeUsd() string`

GetCumulativeVolumeUsd returns the CumulativeVolumeUsd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCumulativeVolumeUsdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeVolumeUsdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCumulativeVolumeUsdOk returns a tuple with the CumulativeVolumeUsd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCumulativeVolumeUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeVolumeUsd(v string)`

SetCumulativeVolumeUsd sets CumulativeVolumeUsd field to given value.

### HasCumulativeVolumeUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasCumulativeVolumeUsd() bool`

HasCumulativeVolumeUsd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCumulativeVolumeUsdNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeVolumeUsdNil(b bool)`

 SetCumulativeVolumeUsdNil sets the value for CumulativeVolumeUsd to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCumulativeVolumeUsd
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetCumulativeVolumeUsd()`

UnsetCumulativeVolumeUsd ensures that no value is present for CumulativeVolumeUsd, not even an explicit nil
### GetInputTokenBalances

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetInputTokenBalances() []string`

GetInputTokenBalances returns the InputTokenBalances field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInputTokenBalancesOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetInputTokenBalancesOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetInputTokenBalancesOk returns a tuple with the InputTokenBalances field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInputTokenBalances

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetInputTokenBalances(v []string)`

SetInputTokenBalances sets InputTokenBalances field to given value.

### HasInputTokenBalances

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasInputTokenBalances() bool`

HasInputTokenBalances returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetInputTokenBalancesNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetInputTokenBalancesNil(b bool)`

 SetInputTokenBalancesNil sets the value for InputTokenBalances to be an explicit nil

### UnsetInputTokenBalances
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetInputTokenBalances()`

UnsetInputTokenBalances ensures that no value is present for InputTokenBalances, not even an explicit nil
### GetInputTokenBalancesUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetInputTokenBalancesUsd() []string`

GetInputTokenBalancesUsd returns the InputTokenBalancesUsd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInputTokenBalancesUsdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetInputTokenBalancesUsdOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetInputTokenBalancesUsdOk returns a tuple with the InputTokenBalancesUsd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInputTokenBalancesUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetInputTokenBalancesUsd(v []string)`

SetInputTokenBalancesUsd sets InputTokenBalancesUsd field to given value.

### HasInputTokenBalancesUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasInputTokenBalancesUsd() bool`

HasInputTokenBalancesUsd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetInputTokenBalancesUsdNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetInputTokenBalancesUsdNil(b bool)`

 SetInputTokenBalancesUsdNil sets the value for InputTokenBalancesUsd to be an explicit nil

### UnsetInputTokenBalancesUsd
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetInputTokenBalancesUsd()`

UnsetInputTokenBalancesUsd ensures that no value is present for InputTokenBalancesUsd, not even an explicit nil
### GetInputTokenWeights

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetInputTokenWeights() []string`

GetInputTokenWeights returns the InputTokenWeights field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInputTokenWeightsOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetInputTokenWeightsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetInputTokenWeightsOk returns a tuple with the InputTokenWeights field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInputTokenWeights

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetInputTokenWeights(v []string)`

SetInputTokenWeights sets InputTokenWeights field to given value.

### HasInputTokenWeights

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasInputTokenWeights() bool`

HasInputTokenWeights returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetInputTokenWeightsNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetInputTokenWeightsNil(b bool)`

 SetInputTokenWeightsNil sets the value for InputTokenWeights to be an explicit nil

### UnsetInputTokenWeights
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetInputTokenWeights()`

UnsetInputTokenWeights ensures that no value is present for InputTokenWeights, not even an explicit nil
### GetStakedOutputTokenAmount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetStakedOutputTokenAmount() string`

GetStakedOutputTokenAmount returns the StakedOutputTokenAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStakedOutputTokenAmountOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetStakedOutputTokenAmountOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStakedOutputTokenAmountOk returns a tuple with the StakedOutputTokenAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStakedOutputTokenAmount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetStakedOutputTokenAmount(v string)`

SetStakedOutputTokenAmount sets StakedOutputTokenAmount field to given value.

### HasStakedOutputTokenAmount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasStakedOutputTokenAmount() bool`

HasStakedOutputTokenAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetStakedOutputTokenAmountNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetStakedOutputTokenAmountNil(b bool)`

 SetStakedOutputTokenAmountNil sets the value for StakedOutputTokenAmount to be an explicit nil

### UnsetStakedOutputTokenAmount
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetStakedOutputTokenAmount()`

UnsetStakedOutputTokenAmount ensures that no value is present for StakedOutputTokenAmount, not even an explicit nil
### GetRewardTokenEmissionsAmount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetRewardTokenEmissionsAmount() []string`

GetRewardTokenEmissionsAmount returns the RewardTokenEmissionsAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRewardTokenEmissionsAmountOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetRewardTokenEmissionsAmountOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetRewardTokenEmissionsAmountOk returns a tuple with the RewardTokenEmissionsAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRewardTokenEmissionsAmount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetRewardTokenEmissionsAmount(v []string)`

SetRewardTokenEmissionsAmount sets RewardTokenEmissionsAmount field to given value.

### HasRewardTokenEmissionsAmount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasRewardTokenEmissionsAmount() bool`

HasRewardTokenEmissionsAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetRewardTokenEmissionsAmountNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetRewardTokenEmissionsAmountNil(b bool)`

 SetRewardTokenEmissionsAmountNil sets the value for RewardTokenEmissionsAmount to be an explicit nil

### UnsetRewardTokenEmissionsAmount
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetRewardTokenEmissionsAmount()`

UnsetRewardTokenEmissionsAmount ensures that no value is present for RewardTokenEmissionsAmount, not even an explicit nil
### GetRewardTokenEmissionsUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetRewardTokenEmissionsUsd() []string`

GetRewardTokenEmissionsUsd returns the RewardTokenEmissionsUsd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRewardTokenEmissionsUsdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetRewardTokenEmissionsUsdOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetRewardTokenEmissionsUsdOk returns a tuple with the RewardTokenEmissionsUsd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRewardTokenEmissionsUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetRewardTokenEmissionsUsd(v []string)`

SetRewardTokenEmissionsUsd sets RewardTokenEmissionsUsd field to given value.

### HasRewardTokenEmissionsUsd

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasRewardTokenEmissionsUsd() bool`

HasRewardTokenEmissionsUsd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetRewardTokenEmissionsUsdNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetRewardTokenEmissionsUsdNil(b bool)`

 SetRewardTokenEmissionsUsdNil sets the value for RewardTokenEmissionsUsd to be an explicit nil

### UnsetRewardTokenEmissionsUsd
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetRewardTokenEmissionsUsd()`

UnsetRewardTokenEmissionsUsd ensures that no value is present for RewardTokenEmissionsUsd, not even an explicit nil
### GetCumulativeDepositCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeDepositCount() int32`

GetCumulativeDepositCount returns the CumulativeDepositCount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCumulativeDepositCountOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeDepositCountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCumulativeDepositCountOk returns a tuple with the CumulativeDepositCount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCumulativeDepositCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeDepositCount(v int32)`

SetCumulativeDepositCount sets CumulativeDepositCount field to given value.

### HasCumulativeDepositCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasCumulativeDepositCount() bool`

HasCumulativeDepositCount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCumulativeWithdrawCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeWithdrawCount() int32`

GetCumulativeWithdrawCount returns the CumulativeWithdrawCount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCumulativeWithdrawCountOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeWithdrawCountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCumulativeWithdrawCountOk returns a tuple with the CumulativeWithdrawCount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCumulativeWithdrawCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeWithdrawCount(v int32)`

SetCumulativeWithdrawCount sets CumulativeWithdrawCount field to given value.

### HasCumulativeWithdrawCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasCumulativeWithdrawCount() bool`

HasCumulativeWithdrawCount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCumulativeSwapCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeSwapCount() int32`

GetCumulativeSwapCount returns the CumulativeSwapCount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCumulativeSwapCountOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetCumulativeSwapCountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCumulativeSwapCountOk returns a tuple with the CumulativeSwapCount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCumulativeSwapCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetCumulativeSwapCount(v int32)`

SetCumulativeSwapCount sets CumulativeSwapCount field to given value.

### HasCumulativeSwapCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasCumulativeSwapCount() bool`

HasCumulativeSwapCount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPositionCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetPositionCount() int32`

GetPositionCount returns the PositionCount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPositionCountOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetPositionCountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetPositionCountOk returns a tuple with the PositionCount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPositionCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetPositionCount(v int32)`

SetPositionCount sets PositionCount field to given value.

### HasPositionCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasPositionCount() bool`

HasPositionCount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOpenPositionCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetOpenPositionCount() int32`

GetOpenPositionCount returns the OpenPositionCount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOpenPositionCountOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetOpenPositionCountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetOpenPositionCountOk returns a tuple with the OpenPositionCount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOpenPositionCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetOpenPositionCount(v int32)`

SetOpenPositionCount sets OpenPositionCount field to given value.

### HasOpenPositionCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasOpenPositionCount() bool`

HasOpenPositionCount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetClosedPositionCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetClosedPositionCount() int32`

GetClosedPositionCount returns the ClosedPositionCount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClosedPositionCountOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetClosedPositionCountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetClosedPositionCountOk returns a tuple with the ClosedPositionCount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClosedPositionCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetClosedPositionCount(v int32)`

SetClosedPositionCount sets ClosedPositionCount field to given value.

### HasClosedPositionCount

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasClosedPositionCount() bool`

HasClosedPositionCount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLastSnapshotDayId

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetLastSnapshotDayId() int32`

GetLastSnapshotDayId returns the LastSnapshotDayId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastSnapshotDayIdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetLastSnapshotDayIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetLastSnapshotDayIdOk returns a tuple with the LastSnapshotDayId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastSnapshotDayId

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetLastSnapshotDayId(v int32)`

SetLastSnapshotDayId sets LastSnapshotDayId field to given value.

### HasLastSnapshotDayId

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasLastSnapshotDayId() bool`

HasLastSnapshotDayId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLastSnapshotHourId

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetLastSnapshotHourId() int32`

GetLastSnapshotHourId returns the LastSnapshotHourId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastSnapshotHourIdOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetLastSnapshotHourIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetLastSnapshotHourIdOk returns a tuple with the LastSnapshotHourId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastSnapshotHourId

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetLastSnapshotHourId(v int32)`

SetLastSnapshotHourId sets LastSnapshotHourId field to given value.

### HasLastSnapshotHourId

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasLastSnapshotHourId() bool`

HasLastSnapshotHourId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLastUpdateTimestamp

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetLastUpdateTimestamp() string`

GetLastUpdateTimestamp returns the LastUpdateTimestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastUpdateTimestampOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetLastUpdateTimestampOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLastUpdateTimestampOk returns a tuple with the LastUpdateTimestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastUpdateTimestamp

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetLastUpdateTimestamp(v string)`

SetLastUpdateTimestamp sets LastUpdateTimestamp field to given value.

### HasLastUpdateTimestamp

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasLastUpdateTimestamp() bool`

HasLastUpdateTimestamp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLastUpdateTimestampNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetLastUpdateTimestampNil(b bool)`

 SetLastUpdateTimestampNil sets the value for LastUpdateTimestamp to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLastUpdateTimestamp
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetLastUpdateTimestamp()`

UnsetLastUpdateTimestamp ensures that no value is present for LastUpdateTimestamp, not even an explicit nil
### GetLastUpdateBlockNumber

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetLastUpdateBlockNumber() string`

GetLastUpdateBlockNumber returns the LastUpdateBlockNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastUpdateBlockNumberOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetLastUpdateBlockNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLastUpdateBlockNumberOk returns a tuple with the LastUpdateBlockNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastUpdateBlockNumber

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetLastUpdateBlockNumber(v string)`

SetLastUpdateBlockNumber sets LastUpdateBlockNumber field to given value.

### HasLastUpdateBlockNumber

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasLastUpdateBlockNumber() bool`

HasLastUpdateBlockNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLastUpdateBlockNumberNil

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetLastUpdateBlockNumberNil(b bool)`

 SetLastUpdateBlockNumberNil sets the value for LastUpdateBlockNumber to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLastUpdateBlockNumber
`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) UnsetLastUpdateBlockNumber()`

UnsetLastUpdateBlockNumber ensures that no value is present for LastUpdateBlockNumber, not even an explicit nil
### GetEvaluatedAsk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetEvaluatedAsk() float64`

GetEvaluatedAsk returns the EvaluatedAsk field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEvaluatedAskOk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) GetEvaluatedAskOk() (*float64, bool)`

GetEvaluatedAskOk returns a tuple with the EvaluatedAsk field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEvaluatedAsk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) SetEvaluatedAsk(v float64)`

SetEvaluatedAsk sets EvaluatedAsk field to given value.

### HasEvaluatedAsk

`func (o *UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO) HasEvaluatedAsk() bool`

HasEvaluatedAsk returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


