# openapi.model.CURVEFINANCEETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:openapi/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entryTime** | [**DateTime**](DateTime.md) |  | [optional] 
**recvTime** | [**DateTime**](DateTime.md) |  | [optional] 
**blockNumber** | **int** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**vid** | **int** |  | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | Smart contract address of the pool | [optional] 
**protocol** | **String** | The protocol this pool belongs to | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Name of liquidity pool (e.g. Curve.fi DAI/USDC/USDT) | [optional] 
**symbol** | **String** | Symbol of liquidity pool (e.g. 3CRV) | [optional] 
**inputTokens** | **List<String>** | Tokens that need to be deposited to take a position in protocol. e.g. WETH and USDC to deposit into the WETH-USDC pool. Array to account for multi-asset pools like Curve and Balancer | [optional] [default to const []]
**inputTokensOrdered** | **List<String>** | inputTokens in native (contract) order | [optional] [default to const []]
**outputToken** | **String** | Token that is minted to track ownership of position in protocol | [optional] 
**rewardTokens** | **List<String>** | Aditional tokens that are given as reward for position in a protocol, usually in liquidity mining programs. e.g. SUSHI in the Onsen program, MATIC for Aave Polygon | [optional] [default to const []]
**fees** | **List<String>** | Fees per trade incurred to the user. Should include all fees that apply to a pool (e.g. Curve has a trading fee AND an admin fee, which is a portion of the trading fee. Uniswap only has a trading fee and no protocol fee.) | [optional] [default to const []]
**isSingleSided** | **bool** | Whether this pool is single-sided (e.g. Bancor, Platypus's Alternative Pool). The specifics of the implementation depends on the protocol. | [optional] 
**createdTimestamp** | **String** | Creation timestamp | [optional] 
**createdBlockNumber** | **String** | Creation block number | [optional] 
**totalValueLockedUsd** | **String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool in USD | [optional] 
**cumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**cumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**cumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**cumulativeVolumeUsd** | **String** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD | [optional] 
**inputTokenBalances** | **List<String>** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool's `inputTokens` field. | [optional] [default to const []]
**inputTokenWeights** | **List<String>** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. | [optional] [default to const []]
**outputTokenSupply** | **String** | Total supply of output token. | [optional] 
**outputTokenPriceUsd** | **String** | Price per share of output token in USD | [optional] 
**stakedOutputTokenAmount** | **String** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**rewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **List<String>** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token's native amount. | [optional] [default to const []]
**rewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **List<String>** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. | [optional] [default to const []]
**registryAddress** | **String** | Registry that deployed this pool | [optional] 
**gaugeAddress** | **String** | Liquidity Gauge assocaited with this pool | [optional] 
**evaluatedAsk** | **double** |  | [optional] [readonly] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


