# openapi.model.CURVEFINANCEETHEREUMFinancialsDailySnapshotDTO

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:openapi/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entryTime** | [**DateTime**](DateTime.md) |  | [optional] 
**recvTime** | [**DateTime**](DateTime.md) |  | [optional] 
**blockNumber** | **int** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**blockRange** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | ID is # of days since Unix epoch time | [optional] 
**protocol** | **String** | Protocol this snapshot is associated with | [optional] 
**totalValueLockedUsd** | **String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of the entire protocol | [optional] 
**protocolControlledValueUsd** | **String** | Current PCV (Protocol Controlled Value). Only relevant for protocols with PCV. | [optional] 
**dailyVolumeUsd** | **String** | All trade volume occurred in a given day, in USD | [optional] 
**cumulativeVolumeUsd** | **String** | All historical trade volume in USD | [optional] 
**dailySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**cumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**dailyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**cumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**dailyTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**cumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**timestamp** | **String** | Timestamp of this snapshot | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


