# openapi.model.UNISWAPV2ETHEREUMLiquidityPoolHourlySnapshotDTO

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:openapi/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entryTime** | [**DateTime**](DateTime.md) |  | [optional] 
**recvTime** | [**DateTime**](DateTime.md) |  | [optional] 
**blockNumber** | **int** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**blockRange** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | (smart contract address of the pool)-(# of hours since Unix epoch time) | [optional] 
**protocol** | **String** | The protocol this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**pool** | **String** | The pool this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**timestamp** | **String** | Timestamp of this snapshot | [optional] 
**totalValueLockedUsd** | **String** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool | [optional] 
**cumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**hourlySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**cumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**hourlyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**cumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**hourlyTotalRevenueUsd** | **String** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**hourlyVolumeUsd** | **String** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour, in USD | [optional] 
**hourlyVolumeByTokenAmount** | **List<String>** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool's 'inputTokens' field. | [optional] [default to const []]
**hourlyVolumeByTokenUsd** | **List<String>** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool's 'inputTokens' field. | [optional] [default to const []]
**cumulativeVolumeUsd** | **String** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD | [optional] 
**inputTokenBalances** | **List<String>** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool's `inputTokens` field | [optional] [default to const []]
**inputTokenWeights** | **List<String>** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool | [optional] [default to const []]
**outputTokenSupply** | **String** | Total supply of output token. Note that certain DEXes don't have an output token (e.g. Bancor) | [optional] 
**outputTokenPriceUsd** | **String** | Price per share of output token in USD | [optional] 
**stakedOutputTokenAmount** | **String** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**rewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **List<String>** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in token's native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] [default to const []]
**rewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **List<String>** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] [default to const []]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


