# CoinAPI.EMS.REST.V1.Model.CURVEFINANCEETHEREUMLiquidityPoolHourlySnapshotDTO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EntryTime** | **DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**RecvTime** | **DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**BlockNumber** | **long** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**BlockRange** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**Id** | **string** | (smart contract address of the pool)-(# of hours since unix epoch time) | [optional] 
**Protocol** | **string** | The protocol this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**Pool** | **string** | The pool this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**Timestamp** | **string** | Timestamp of this snapshot | [optional] 
**TotalValueLockedUsd** | **string** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool | [optional] 
**CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **string** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**HourlySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **string** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **string** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**HourlyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **string** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **string** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**HourlyTotalRevenueUsd** | **string** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**HourlyVolumeUsd** | **string** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour, in USD | [optional] 
**HourlyVolumeByTokenAmount** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. | [optional] 
**HourlyVolumeByTokenUsd** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeUsd** | **string** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD | [optional] 
**InputTokenBalances** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. | [optional] 
**InputTokenWeights** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool | [optional] 
**OutputTokenSupply** | **string** | Total supply of output token. Note that certain DEXes don&#39;t have an output token (e.g. Bancor) | [optional] 
**OutputTokenPriceUsd** | **string** | Price per share of output token in USD | [optional] 
**StakedOutputTokenAmount** | **string** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

