# CoinAPI.EMS.REST.V1.Model.CURVEFINANCEETHEREUMLiquidityPoolDTO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EntryTime** | **DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**RecvTime** | **DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**BlockNumber** | **long** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**Vid** | **long** |  | [optional] 
**Id** | **string** | Smart contract address of the pool | [optional] 
**Protocol** | **string** | The protocol this pool belongs to | [optional] 
**Name** | **string** | Name of liquidity pool (e.g. Curve.fi DAI/USDC/USDT) | [optional] 
**Symbol** | **string** | Symbol of liquidity pool (e.g. 3CRV) | [optional] 
**InputTokens** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Tokens that need to be deposited to take a position in protocol. e.g. WETH and USDC to deposit into the WETH-USDC pool. Array to account for multi-asset pools like Curve and Balancer | [optional] 
**InputTokensOrdered** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | inputTokens in native (contract) order | [optional] 
**OutputToken** | **string** | Token that is minted to track ownership of position in protocol | [optional] 
**RewardTokens** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Aditional tokens that are given as reward for position in a protocol, usually in liquidity mining programs. e.g. SUSHI in the Onsen program, MATIC for Aave Polygon | [optional] 
**Fees** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Fees per trade incurred to the user. Should include all fees that apply to a pool (e.g. Curve has a trading fee AND an admin fee, which is a portion of the trading fee. Uniswap only has a trading fee and no protocol fee.) | [optional] 
**IsSingleSided** | **bool** | Whether this pool is single-sided (e.g. Bancor, Platypus&#39;s Alternative Pool). The specifics of the implementation depends on the protocol. | [optional] 
**CreatedTimestamp** | **string** | Creation timestamp | [optional] 
**CreatedBlockNumber** | **string** | Creation block number | [optional] 
**TotalValueLockedUsd** | **string** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool in USD | [optional] 
**CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **string** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **string** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **string** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeUsd** | **string** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD | [optional] 
**InputTokenBalances** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**InputTokenWeights** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. | [optional] 
**OutputTokenSupply** | **string** | Total supply of output token. | [optional] 
**OutputTokenPriceUsd** | **string** | Price per share of output token in USD | [optional] 
**StakedOutputTokenAmount** | **string** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsAmount** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token&#39;s native amount. | [optional] 
**RewardTokenEmissionsUsd** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. | [optional] 
**RegistryAddress** | **string** | Registry that deployed this pool | [optional] 
**GaugeAddress** | **string** | Liquidity Gauge assocaited with this pool | [optional] 
**EvaluatedAsk** | **double** |  | [optional] [readonly] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

