# CoinAPI.EMS.REST.V1.Model.UNISWAPV2ETHEREUMFinancialsDailySnapshotDTO
Daily financial metrics for Uniswap V2.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EntryTime** | **DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**RecvTime** | **DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**BlockNumber** | **long** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**BlockRange** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**Id** | **string** | ID is # of days since Unix epoch time | [optional] 
**Protocol** | **string** | Protocol this snapshot is associated with | [optional] 
**TotalValueLockedUsd** | **string** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of the entire protocol | [optional] 
**ProtocolControlledValueUsd** | **string** | Current PCV (Protocol Controlled Value). Only relevant for protocols with PCV. | [optional] 
**DailyVolumeUsd** | **string** | All trade volume occurred in a given day, in USD | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeUsd** | **string** | All historical trade volume in USD | [optional] 
**DailySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **string** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **string** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**DailyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **string** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **string** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**DailyTotalRevenueUsd** | **string** | ll revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **string** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**Timestamp** | **string** | Timestamp of this snapshot | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

