# CoinAPI.EMS.REST.V1.Model.UNISWAPV3ETHEREUMFinancialsDailySnapshotDTO
Daily financial metrics for Uniswap V3.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EntryTime** | **DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**RecvTime** | **DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**BlockNumber** | **int** | Block number of when this snapshot was taken/last modified.) | [optional] 
**Id** | **string** | ID is # of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] 
**Day** | **int** | Number of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] 
**Protocol** | **string** | Protocol this snapshot is associated with. | [optional] 
**TotalValueLockedUsd** | **string** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of the entire protocol. | [optional] 
**TotalLiquidityUsd** | **string** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**ActiveLiquidityUsd** | **string** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pool&#39;s current tick. | [optional] 
**UncollectedProtocolSideValueUsd** | **string** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] 
**UncollectedSupplySideValueUsd** | **string** | All supply-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] 
**ProtocolControlledValueUsd** | **string** | Current PCV (Protocol Controlled Value). Only relevant for protocols with PCV. | [optional] 
**DailyVolumeUsd** | **string** | All trade volume occurred in a given day, in USD | [optional] 
**CumulativeVolumeUsd** | **string** | All historical trade volume in USD | [optional] 
**DailySupplySideRevenueUsd** | **string** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**CumulativeSupplySideRevenueUsd** | **string** | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] 
**DailyProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **string** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by the protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**CumulativeProtocolSideRevenueUsd** | **string** | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by the protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] 
**DailyTotalRevenueUsd** | **string** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**CumulativeTotalRevenueUsd** | **string** | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] 
**Timestamp** | **string** | Timestamp of when this snapshot was taken/last modified (May be taken after the interval has passed). | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

