# pancakeswap_v3_ethereum_liquidity_pool_hourly_snapshot_dto_t

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entry_time** | **char \*** |  | [optional] 
**recv_time** | **char \*** |  | [optional] 
**block_number** | **long** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] 
**vid** | **long** |  | [optional] 
**id** | **char \*** | (Smart contract address of the pool)-( # of hours since Unix epoch time) | [optional] 
**hour** | **int** | Number of hours since Unix epoch time | [optional] 
**protocol** | **char \*** | The protocol this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**pool** | **char \*** | The pool this snapshot belongs to | [optional] 
**tick** | **char \*** | Current tick representing the price of token0/token1 | [optional] 
**total_value_locked_usd** | **char \*** | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool | [optional] 
**total_liquidity** | **char \*** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity for this pool. | [optional] 
**total_liquidity_usd** | **char \*** | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] 
**active_liquidity** | **char \*** | All liquidity &#x60;k&#x60; that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pool&#39;s current tick. | [optional] 
**active_liquidity_usd** | **char \*** | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pool&#39;s current tick. | [optional] 
**uncollected_protocol_side_token_amounts** | **list_t \*** | All protocol-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollected_protocol_side_values_usd** | **list_t \*** | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollected_supply_side_token_amounts** | **list_t \*** | All supply-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**uncollected_supply_side_values_usd** | **list_t \*** | All supply-side value locked in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] 
**cumulative_supply_side_revenue_usd** | **char \*** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**hourly_supply_side_revenue_usd** | **char \*** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] 
**cumulative_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | **char \*** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**hourly_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | **char \*** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] 
**cumulative_total_revenue_usd** | **char \*** | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**hourly_total_revenue_usd** | **char \*** | Hourly revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] 
**cumulative_volume_usd** | **char \*** | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD. | [optional] 
**hourly_volume_usd** | **char \*** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour, in USD. | [optional] 
**cumulative_volume_by_token_amount** | **list_t \*** | All trade volume, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**hourly_volume_by_token_amount** | **list_t \*** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**cumulative_volume_by_token_usd** | **list_t \*** | All trade volume, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**hourly_volume_by_token_usd** | **list_t \*** | All trade volume occurred in a given hour for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**input_token_balances** | **list_t \*** | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**input_token_balances_usd** | **list_t \*** | Amount of input tokens in USD in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**input_token_weights** | **list_t \*** | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool. | [optional] 
**staked_output_token_amount** | **char \*** | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] 
**reward_token_emissions_amount** | **list_t \*** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**reward_token_emissions_usd** | **list_t \*** | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day (not hour), in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] 
**cumulative_deposit_count** | **int** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity) | [optional] 
**hourly_deposit_count** | **int** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity) in an hour | [optional] 
**cumulative_withdraw_count** | **int** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity) | [optional] 
**hourly_withdraw_count** | **int** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity) in an hour | [optional] 
**cumulative_swap_count** | **int** | Total number of trades (swaps) | [optional] 
**hourly_swap_count** | **int** | Total number of trades (swaps) in an hour | [optional] 
**position_count** | **int** | Number of positions in this market | [optional] 
**open_position_count** | **int** | Number of open positions in this market | [optional] 
**closed_position_count** | **int** | Number of closed positions in this market | [optional] 
**timestamp** | **char \*** | Timestamp of when this snapshot was taken/last modified (May be taken after interval has passed) | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


