# CURVE_FINANCE_ETHEREUM_LIQUIDITY_POOL_DAILY_SNAPSHOT_DTO

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entry_time** | [**DATE_TIME**](DATE_TIME.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**recv_time** | [**DATE_TIME**](DATE_TIME.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**block_number** | **INTEGER_64** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] [default to null]
**block_range** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**id** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Identifier, format: (smart contract address of the pool)-(# of days since Unix epoch time) | [optional] [default to null]
**protocol** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | The protocol this snapshot belongs to | [optional] [default to null]
**pool** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | The pool this snapshot belongs to | [optional] [default to null]
**timestamp** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Timestamp of this snapshot | [optional] [default to null]
**total_value_locked_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_supply_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_supply_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_total_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_total_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_volume_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All trade volume occurred in a given day, in USD | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_volume_by_token_amount** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_volume_by_token_usd** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | All trade volume occurred in a given day for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_volume_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All trade volume occurred in a given day for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. | [optional] [default to null]
**input_token_balances** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#39;inputTokens&#39; field. | [optional] [default to null]
**input_token_weights** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool | [optional] [default to null]
**output_token_supply** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Total supply of output token. Note that certain DEXes don&#39;t have an output token (e.g. Bancor) | [optional] [default to null]
**output_token_price_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Price per share of output token in USD | [optional] [default to null]
**staked_output_token_amount** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] [default to null]
**reward_token_emissions_amount** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] [default to null]
**reward_token_emissions_usd** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


