# CURVE_FINANCE_ETHEREUM_LIQUIDITY_POOL_DTO

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entry_time** | [**DATE_TIME**](DATE_TIME.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**recv_time** | [**DATE_TIME**](DATE_TIME.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**block_number** | **INTEGER_64** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] [default to null]
**vid** | **INTEGER_64** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**id** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Smart contract address of the pool | [optional] [default to null]
**protocol** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | The protocol this pool belongs to | [optional] [default to null]
**name** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Name of liquidity pool (e.g. Curve.fi DAI/USDC/USDT) | [optional] [default to null]
**symbol** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Symbol of liquidity pool (e.g. 3CRV) | [optional] [default to null]
**input_tokens** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Tokens that need to be deposited to take a position in protocol. e.g. WETH and USDC to deposit into the WETH-USDC pool. Array to account for multi-asset pools like Curve and Balancer | [optional] [default to null]
**input_tokens_ordered** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | inputTokens in native (contract) order | [optional] [default to null]
**output_token** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Token that is minted to track ownership of position in protocol | [optional] [default to null]
**reward_tokens** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Aditional tokens that are given as reward for position in a protocol, usually in liquidity mining programs. e.g. SUSHI in the Onsen program, MATIC for Aave Polygon | [optional] [default to null]
**fees** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Fees per trade incurred to the user. Should include all fees that apply to a pool (e.g. Curve has a trading fee AND an admin fee, which is a portion of the trading fee. Uniswap only has a trading fee and no protocol fee.) | [optional] [default to null]
**is_single_sided** | **BOOLEAN** | Whether this pool is single-sided (e.g. Bancor, Platypus&#39;s Alternative Pool). The specifics of the implementation depends on the protocol. | [optional] [default to null]
**created_timestamp** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Creation timestamp | [optional] [default to null]
**created_block_number** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Creation block number | [optional] [default to null]
**total_value_locked_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool in USD | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_supply_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_total_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_volume_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD | [optional] [default to null]
**input_token_balances** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] [default to null]
**input_token_weights** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. | [optional] [default to null]
**output_token_supply** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Total supply of output token. | [optional] [default to null]
**output_token_price_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Price per share of output token in USD | [optional] [default to null]
**staked_output_token_amount** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] [default to null]
**reward_token_emissions_amount** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token&#39;s native amount. | [optional] [default to null]
**reward_token_emissions_usd** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. | [optional] [default to null]
**registry_address** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Registry that deployed this pool | [optional] [default to null]
**gauge_address** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Liquidity Gauge assocaited with this pool | [optional] [default to null]
**evaluated_ask** | **REAL_64** |  | [optional] [readonly] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


