# PANCAKESWAP_V3_ETHEREUM_DEX_AMM_PROTOCOL_DTO

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entry_time** | [**DATE_TIME**](DATE_TIME.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**recv_time** | [**DATE_TIME**](DATE_TIME.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**block_number** | **INTEGER_64** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] [default to null]
**block_range** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**id** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Smart contract address of the protocol&#39;s main contract (Factory, Registry, etc). | [optional] [default to null]
**name** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Name of the protocol, including version. e.g. Uniswap v3. | [optional] [default to null]
**slug** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Slug of protocol, including version. e.g. uniswap-v3. | [optional] [default to null]
**schema_version** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Version of the subgraph schema, in SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0). | [optional] [default to null]
**subgraph_version** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Version of the subgraph implementation, in SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0). | [optional] [default to null]
**methodology_version** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Version of the methodology used to compute metrics, loosely based on SemVer format (e.g. 1.0.0). | [optional] [default to null]
**total_value_locked_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of the entire protocol. | [optional] [default to null]
**total_liquidity_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**active_liquidity_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] [default to null]
**uncollected_protocol_side_value_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] [default to null]
**uncollected_supply_side_value_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All supply-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] [default to null]
**protocol_controlled_value_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Current PCV (Protocol Controlled Value). Only relevant for protocols with PCV. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_volume_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All historical volume in USD. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_supply_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_total_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_unique_users** | **INTEGER_32** | Number of cumulative unique users. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_unique_l_ps** | **INTEGER_32** | Number of cumulative liquidity providers. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_unique_traders** | **INTEGER_32** | Number of cumulative traders | [optional] [default to null]
**total_pool_count** | **INTEGER_32** | Total number of pools. | [optional] [default to null]
**open_position_count** | **INTEGER_32** | Total number of open positions. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_position_count** | **INTEGER_32** | Total number of positions (open and closed). | [optional] [default to null]
**last_snapshot_day_id** | **INTEGER_32** | Day ID of the most recent daily snapshot. | [optional] [default to null]
**last_update_timestamp** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Timestamp of the last time this entity was updated | [optional] [default to null]
**last_update_block_number** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Block number of the last time this entity was updated. | [optional] [default to null]
**regenesis** | **BOOLEAN** | This is a boolean to indicate whether or not the pools have been instantiated the were initialized before Optimism regenesis. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


