# UNISWAP_V3_ETHEREUM_FINANCIALS_DAILY_SNAPSHOT_DTO

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entry_time** | [**DATE_TIME**](DATE_TIME.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**recv_time** | [**DATE_TIME**](DATE_TIME.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**block_number** | **INTEGER_32** | Block number of when this snapshot was taken/last modified.) | [optional] [default to null]
**id** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | ID is # of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] [default to null]
**day** | **INTEGER_32** | Number of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] [default to null]
**protocol** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Protocol this snapshot is associated with. | [optional] [default to null]
**total_value_locked_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of the entire protocol. | [optional] [default to null]
**total_liquidity_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**active_liquidity_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pool&#39;s current tick. | [optional] [default to null]
**uncollected_protocol_side_value_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] [default to null]
**uncollected_supply_side_value_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All supply-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the protocol. | [optional] [default to null]
**protocol_controlled_value_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Current PCV (Protocol Controlled Value). Only relevant for protocols with PCV. | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_volume_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All trade volume occurred in a given day, in USD | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_volume_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All historical trade volume in USD | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_supply_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_supply_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Revenue claimed by suppliers to the protocol. LPs on DEXs (e.g. 0.25% of the swap fee in Sushiswap). Depositors on Lending Protocols. NFT sellers on OpenSea. | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by the protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Gross revenue for the protocol (revenue claimed by the protocol). Examples: AMM protocol fee (Sushi’s 0.05%). OpenSea 10% sell fee. | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_total_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_total_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All revenue generated by the protocol. e.g. 0.30% of swap fee in Sushiswap, all yield generated by Yearn. | [optional] [default to null]
**timestamp** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Timestamp of when this snapshot was taken/last modified (May be taken after the interval has passed). | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


