# UNISWAP_V3_ETHEREUM_LIQUIDITY_POOL_DAILY_SNAPSHOT_DTO

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**entry_time** | [**DATE_TIME**](DATE_TIME.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**recv_time** | [**DATE_TIME**](DATE_TIME.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**block_number** | **INTEGER_64** | Number of block in which entity was recorded. | [optional] [default to null]
**block_** | **INTEGER_32** | The Ethereum block number associated with the liquidity pool daily snapshot. | [optional] [default to null]
**id** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Identifier, format: (smart contract address of the pool)-(# of days since Unix epoch time). | [optional] [default to null]
**day** | **INTEGER_32** | Number of days since Unix epoch time. | [optional] [default to null]
**protocol** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Protocol associated with the liquidity pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**pool** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Pool this snapshot belongs to. | [optional] [default to null]
**tick** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Current tick representing the price of token0/token1. | [optional] [default to null]
**total_value_locked_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Current TVL (Total Value Locked) of this pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**total_liquidity** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | The sum of all active and non-active liquidity for this pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**total_liquidity_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Sum of all active and non-active liquidity in USD for this pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**active_liquidity** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All liquidity &#x60;k&#x60; that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] [default to null]
**active_liquidity_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All liquidity in USD that is active. Will be equal to totalLiquidity except for in concentrated liquidity - where activeLiquidity is all liquidity positions that contain the pools current tick. | [optional] [default to null]
**uncollected_protocol_side_token_amounts** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | All protocol-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**uncollected_protocol_side_values_usd** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | All protocol-side value locking in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**uncollected_supply_side_token_amounts** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | All supply-side value locked in token amounts that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**uncollected_supply_side_values_usd** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | All supply-side value locked in USD that remains uncollected and unused in the pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_supply_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_supply_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the supply side. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_protocol_side_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool, accrued to the protocol. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_total_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_total_revenue_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Daily revenue generated by the liquidity pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_volume_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All historical trade volume occurred in this pool, in USD. | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_volume_usd** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | All trade volume occurred in a given day, in USD. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_volume_by_token_amount** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | All trade volume , in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_volume_by_token_amount** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | All trade volume occurred in a given day for a specific input token, in native amount. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_volume_by_token_usd** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | All trade volume, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_volume_by_token_usd** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) |  All trade volume occurred in a given day for a specific input token, in USD. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] [default to null]
**input_token_balances** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Amount of input tokens in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] [default to null]
**input_token_balances_usd** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Amount of input tokens in USD in the pool. The ordering should be the same as the pool&#39;s &#x60;inputTokens&#x60; field. | [optional] [default to null]
**input_token_weights** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Weights of input tokens in the liquidity pool in percentage values. For example, 50/50 for Uniswap pools, 48.2/51.8 for a Curve pool, 10/10/80 for a Balancer pool. | [optional] [default to null]
**staked_output_token_amount** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Total supply of output tokens that are staked (usually in the MasterChef contract). Used to calculate reward APY. | [optional] [default to null]
**reward_token_emissions_amount** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in token&#39;s native amount. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] [default to null]
**reward_token_emissions_usd** | [**LIST [STRING_32]**](STRING_32.md) | Per-block reward token emission as of the current block normalized to a day, in USD value. This should be ideally calculated as the theoretical rate instead of the realized amount. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_deposit_count** | **INTEGER_32** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity). | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_deposit_count** | **INTEGER_32** | Total number of deposits (add liquidity) in a day. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_withdraw_count** | **INTEGER_32** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity). | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_withdraw_count** | **INTEGER_32** | Total number of withdrawals (remove liquidity) in a day. | [optional] [default to null]
**cumulative_swap_count** | **INTEGER_32** | Total number of trades (swaps). | [optional] [default to null]
**daily_swap_count** | **INTEGER_32** | Total number of trades (swaps) in a day. | [optional] [default to null]
**position_count** | **INTEGER_32** | Number of positions in this market. | [optional] [default to null]
**open_position_count** | **INTEGER_32** | Number of open positions in this market. | [optional] [default to null]
**closed_position_count** | **INTEGER_32** | Number of closed positions in this market. | [optional] [default to null]
**timestamp** | [**STRING_32**](STRING_32.md) | Timestamp of when this snapshot was taken/last modified (May be taken after interval has passed). | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


